hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
gpx2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
odc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cnp	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100712075	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
csk	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ddx21	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
poll	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100706951	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mlx	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699040	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100706680	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
r3hcc1l	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
rufy2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705090	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100693377	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100692830	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
stn1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC102081219	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100704166	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
xpnpep1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699311	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
apbb2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ara	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100704557	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
armh3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
as3mt	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100692426	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
calhm1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC102077312	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cpe	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100694370	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
comt	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cfap70	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cnnm2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dxo	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dpcd	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dusp5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
fgf13	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100698788	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100698579	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
grb2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ghrh	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705244	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100694714	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
il10	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699687	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
keap1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
kif1bp	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100703749	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mmp19	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mrps16	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100693641	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pin1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pbld	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pi4k2a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pdgfrb	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100697187	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pdcd4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC102080433	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100697944	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707970	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100693905	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
smc3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tacr2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tnmd	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tspan15	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100697873	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tfb2m	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
trpc4ap	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100700105	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
zrsr2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
zfyve27	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hacd1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100698412	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
adamts14	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100701678	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
arl5b	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
abca2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
atad1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100698131	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
bend7	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
bms1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705935	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dclre1a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100709080	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
frmpd2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
frmd4a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100712180	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
gpr158	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100710479	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
jakmip3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mpp7	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
malrd1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mms19	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699180	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
asah2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nhlrc2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
noc3l	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699818	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
rsu1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
arhgap12	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
arhgap21	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702504	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100695465	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
scap	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
stambpl1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tapbpl	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
trub1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100712474	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
wwc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
yme1l1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
abi1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
acat1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
afap1l2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ascc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
acbd5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
acadsb	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
acsl5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705401	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
apbb1ip	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ace	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ankrd22	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100700081	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100691432	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100691753	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
armc3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
atrnl1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100701446	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100712547	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100708638	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100701351	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
casr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
chst15	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
chst3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cpn1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cpxm2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100700628	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ctsk	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100695758	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cep55	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100701652	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cspg4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
clrn3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
f3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC102080227	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cul2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ccni	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ccny	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cdk5r1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100695684	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100695060	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dock1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dhtkd1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100691118	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dnmbp	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
egr3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
entpd1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100694393	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
eno2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705246	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100692160	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
exoc6	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
fam107b	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100691717	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
glrx3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
gapdh	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705927	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
grn	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
gdf10	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100701694	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ghitm	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
insig1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ins	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
itga8	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100695496	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC102080255	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100706139	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100712447	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lrrc20	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lrit1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100692643	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702251	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mlycd	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100695895	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mki67	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
msrb2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mastl	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mtpap	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mrpl43	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
map3k8	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100700292	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100711626	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
myo3a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nrap	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ncapd2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nfrkb	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nudt13	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707262	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100703449	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699274	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100695303	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
phex	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100691684	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pip4k2a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pde6c	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lhpp	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100697616	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
prpf18	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
psenen	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
p3h3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
prkaa1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
prkab1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ptpn6	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ptpre	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
reep3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
reln	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
rnls	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
rara	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
rbp4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
rpp30	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
rpp38	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sephs1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sema3a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sema4d	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sema4g	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sfxn2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sigmar1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699487	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
slc39a12	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
spag6	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
samd8	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
star	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
svil	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100694402	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100691196	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tctn3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tectb	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100701010	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
txnl1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
thnsl1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tbata	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tcerg1l	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
trim8	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tdrd1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
twnk	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC109194230	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ube2i	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707737	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699312	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
vti1a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100700892	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
vwa2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699813	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100700061	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
zeb1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
znf438	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100695448	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100704013	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pfkfb3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100703495	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
adam9	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
atp5f1c	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100693204	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
btaf1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
bag3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
bicc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cuedc2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cwf19l1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dntt	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dnajc12	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
eef1akmt2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
fbh1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100708443	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
gab2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
herc4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hectd2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hps1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hps6	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
kin	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100696318	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100692215	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pdlim1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pdzd8	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
rbm17	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
rassf4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699682	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sufu	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sfr1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
traf4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
upf2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
wdr11	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100698344	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705570	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100693415	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
adgra1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
apbb1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
agt	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100706610	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100704542	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ate1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
bace1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100694039	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
blmh	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
bmp3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
calhm3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707324	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
comp	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ccar1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
csgalnact2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lg15h12orf57	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cfap43	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cfap46	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
clu	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ccdc167	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ccdc6	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cog2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cnnm1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cdk1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705715	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100704054	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705832	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cpeb3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dapk1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100689795	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dyrk1a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ecd	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
eif3a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
eif4ebp2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
fam204a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
fgf23	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
fuom	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
frk	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
gck	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pygb	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
gbf1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
golm1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hspa14	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hspd1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hpse2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
habp2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hif1an	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
itprip	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
inpp5f	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
itih2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
itih5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
kndc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
kif11	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lrmda	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702930	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
march8	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mme	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mcm10	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mcmbp	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
micu1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100695152	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mypn	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100689766	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ncoa4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nrf1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
nolc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100700859	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
optn	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
otc	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100697440	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705818	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ppil2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
prdx3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100697286	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pik3ap1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
phyh	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
plat	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100701261	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100710677	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
kcnk18	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
p4ha1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
psap	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ptgir	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ppp1r3c	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702877	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pyroxd2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ret	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100696641	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100693491	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
rrp12	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
srf	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
shtn1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sfxn4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC102077656	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
slc25a16	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
slc25a28	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
slc29a3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
snx5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sgms1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
sgpl1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
smndc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707847	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tbxa2r	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100708147	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tm9sf3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100692672	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tysnd1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tpt1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
unc5b	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
zfand4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
zswim8	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100708019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100711182	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
abl2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
arf1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100703385	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cebpd	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
dnajc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mindy1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mok	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
taf8	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
traf3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC102075979	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ache	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ttpa	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
aph1a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
col6a1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100700514	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
col25a1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
cdk5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
focad	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ftcd	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100692877	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100708122	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100689957	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mtor	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
myo10	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ncstn	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
olah	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
pea15	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100697765	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
ppp1r10	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
stam	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tfb1m	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tfcp2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tmbim6	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
p53	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
vti1b	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease   
hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
fbxo8	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
fus	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
vps54	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
clnk	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
ppm1k	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
dpp6	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
galnt1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
susd1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
arhgap18	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
upf2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
elp3	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
exoc4	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
man1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
rubcnl	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
fggy	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
zfp64	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
dcp1a	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|
hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100696305	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
fat1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
tbc1d16	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
wdr19	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
acer2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
aimp1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
ankrd11	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100689955	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
klhl5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
npnt	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100698818	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100705504	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
uba6	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
bmper	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100695600	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
rapgef1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
wasf3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
cdca2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
ccbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100691064	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100694213	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
mrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
mrpl15	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100697171	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
tent5a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
tmem135	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
znf516	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
fbxo5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
klf7	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
nck2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
tbc1d4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100693549	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
dner	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100698894	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
habp2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
mtx3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
nmur1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100703201	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
plxna4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
stk39	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
scube1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
tmprss5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100708948	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
fam161b	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
phlpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC109194311	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
sec62	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
vapa	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
atrn	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
coq6	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
col25a1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
cpeb2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
pdss2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
dync1h1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100700140	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
lin52	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100698647	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
pdcd6ip	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
scfd1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
LOC100707347	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
trmt44	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure Determination
hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100707015	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100705055	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
shank2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
adm	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
chchd5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100690411	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
lmtk2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
mmd	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
neo1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
prom1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
slc2a10	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100697444	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100697470	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100690273	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
adpgk	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100709080	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100709295	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
itprid1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100696212	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
cdk8	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100689762	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
ldlrad4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
megf11	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100703522	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100692427	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
znf532	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100690924	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
gpr39	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
lmo3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
rap2b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
ankrd44	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
cand1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
dnah7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
fgf14	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
fndc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100703631	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
mrpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
mkln1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
ptchd4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
rftn2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
stk17b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100706809	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
brms1l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100702043	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
grpel1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
nsun2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
LOC100704492	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
vrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
cfap99	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
lnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
nin	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
pdcd6ip	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
scfd2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
srp14	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
zfyve28	GAD_DISEASE:Body Fat Distribution
hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
fgf4	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
flt4	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
mmp15	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
mmp19	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
pdgfc	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC102080433	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
vegfd	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
f3	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
dlat	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
il13ra2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100702797	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
pigf	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
col4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100692615	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
col4a5	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
col4a6	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100693228	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100690147	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
pgf	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
tnr	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
fgf4	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
flt4	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
mmp15	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
mmp19	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
pdgfc	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC102080433	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
vegfd	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
f3	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
dlat	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
il13ra2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100702797	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
pigf	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
col4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100692615	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
col4a5	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
col4a6	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100693228	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100690147	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
pgf	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
tnr	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth
hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cnp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
alas1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atic	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dhcr7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699906	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696267	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atp13a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705898	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atp2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atrip	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699619	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bcl2l12	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
btk	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
csk	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cdk5rap1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cdipt	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cyld	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dennd1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pold1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
polg2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dnajc4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700725	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
eri2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
eya2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691616	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fes	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
flii	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fosl1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695013	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
grk3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696126	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gpank1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gpatch8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gata2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gmip	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gipc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
iqck	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
llgl1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mphosph9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
madd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696070	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mapkap1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nags	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
asah1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nadsyn1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691519	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707100	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rad23a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rad9a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695351	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rest	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102077149	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rpgrip1l	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ralgps1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706367	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
skp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
srgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703757	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704669	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
stard3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
stard5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tcta	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690481	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
thoc6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
timp4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
trap1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
triobp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tub	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
wdr76	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
xiap	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
acaa1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
anp32a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
acads	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699311	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ahcy	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
adra1d	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
adm	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
asip	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gaa	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mgat4b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708112	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
agtrap	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ankrd13d	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ankrd27	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ankrd40	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100689913	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
anxa2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706692	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711821	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
apln	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atoh8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697931	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703692	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bnc2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
b3galt6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691827	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704700	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
canx	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cast	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cnn1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cpe	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698402	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
csnk1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710852	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
csnk2a2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697777	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ctnna1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707845	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705613	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693678	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cgref1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cntln	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cenpp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704432	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
clta	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cltb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cpsf4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ccdc86	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703844	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cpne9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
csrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
crispld2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cish	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709874	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dxo	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707393	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dlg3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dusp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dusp5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dag1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ern1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
eif2b1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fam114a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706504	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fgl1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fgfrl1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
flt4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
foxp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705046	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gla	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707489	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709861	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704678	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102076673	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706459	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
grb2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705503	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hebp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691361	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711609	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hrh1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hdac5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hcn4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ids	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ikbke	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
immp1l	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
itgb6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC112846611	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ilf3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
khk	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kifc3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lmod1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707153	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kat8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lpcat2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lamp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701740	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
maml1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mmp15	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mmp19	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mmp24	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mtnr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mbtps1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mthfsd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mars	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mettl1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mvd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mfap1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
map2k5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697168	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
map3k3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mybpc2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nisch	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
noct	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nfatc3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691255	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nr1d1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696340	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nol12	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nup133	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nudt22	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nudt6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ogn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694073	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
palb2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptcd3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702181	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701746	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693683	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pctp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pde3b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691791	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pde8a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pla2g12a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695535	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plcd3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pdgfc	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pdgfrb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
parp3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711670	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699231	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC106098186	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kcnip1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696918	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kcnh4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711684	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
p4hb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102080433	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705995	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prmt3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704827	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prkag1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prkcd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708879	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ppp1r1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693785	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
reep5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ramp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rxfp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707970	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rhbdf2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692060	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rrp9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rnf216	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703221	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sema6d	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690586	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
stk19	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692331	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slit2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709409	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc12a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc12a4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695063	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc2a10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc27a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704394	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705836	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695283	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc5a10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc6a14	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sptan1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
smpd2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
smpd3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
smpd4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
samd4a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697439	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
syn2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697206	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700438	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707936	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC106098018	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tk1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tespa1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tada3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tgfbi	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
timm8a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700105	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710292	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705823	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705731	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
twf2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711224	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ube2c	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695155	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
unc5a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vav1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
zdhhc24	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hacd1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
akip1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
abca2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100712516	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
abcd3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
abcg4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atp8b2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bag4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
blm	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695260	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cd79a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cd79b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ispd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695224	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
crkl	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705935	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708447	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
egfl7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
elmod1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696035	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
foxred1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710732	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698512	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gng8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
grk6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gpatch4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gtse1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gab3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102080083	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
luc7l	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lyrm4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mllt10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nmt2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
npc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pknox2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pou2f2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704868	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rora	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
polr3a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rundc3b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rabac1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691306	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
arhgef1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sspo	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
smg6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
scaf4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693800	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
stard13	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
b3gnt9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vps11	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
wdr41	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
wee1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
wnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702823	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694738	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ap3b1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
add2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
adora2b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
acer3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100689743	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
anxa4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691432	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691753	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
aifm1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ass1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706140	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705328	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bhlhe41	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698224	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
upb1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698783	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bckdk	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102081275	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cabin1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cib1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700838	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702874	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697270	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cic	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC109199076	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cpa6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707255	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710962	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ctsk	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695758	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cav2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
clcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699097	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cltc	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
clul1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702757	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
f3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698614	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ccdc61	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
col11a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
c1qbp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
c6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
c9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701380	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cdk5r1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691569	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dgat2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dmgdh	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dpp6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707500	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693164	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dusp6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
erp44	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ess2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
esrra	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fam107b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fasn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fbl	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703257	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
galk1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gal	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ggcx	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gtf3c5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
glp2r	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691717	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hsp90b1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hexb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700659	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hinfp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hdac10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
has3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hyou1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
insig1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
itga1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
itgb4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ghr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708542	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707005	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706563	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kirrel2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lama1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711713	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lpar1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
med1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
med22	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693278	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mat2b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702352	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mrpl10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702632	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102082809	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702235	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704269	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702218	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704440	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
myrf	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
myocd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mef2d	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711626	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
myo1d	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707241	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ntng1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707947	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
neto1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nsmaf	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703522	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ncoa2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ncor1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705923	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
osbpl7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pdx1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pcnx3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pelo	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695303	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fars2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pcyt1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pigo	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pde6c	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pde7a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pla2g1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plcd1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pmvk	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pkp3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plekhb1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
popdc3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pgap3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709539	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kcnc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plod2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102081153	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prkaa1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prkab1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699493	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
p2rx4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706976	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rara	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
reck	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rnasek	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rpl18	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rpl7a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100689943	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rnf157	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rnft1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sspn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705846	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
shpk	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
serpinf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697028	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696391	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698350	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704783	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703266	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710487	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705763	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710973	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
smpd1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702827	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sqle	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
skap2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708656	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
star	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
socs6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
surf2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690092	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707274	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695418	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
trpc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701681	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tmem117	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697685	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tmem258	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
trim32	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
th	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ube3c	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
unc119b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vps25	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vars	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vav3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691194	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692624	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100689750	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
zbtb16	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
zbtb20	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
zfhx4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
znf407	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695425	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
zar1l	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nt5dc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
htr2b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
afg1l	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
agbl5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691860	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
apc2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
abcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
abcc9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atp13a3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atp6v1d	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
axl	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bag3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bcar3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bcl9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cxcr5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ccm2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
clptm1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
commd10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
crtc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dnajb11	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
efr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
emid1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fancg	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710969	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fkbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fkbp3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704412	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC109204437	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702079	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gab2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
iqgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
krr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mkks	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
myb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690952	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708544	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nox4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nlrx1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
oga	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ofd1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pdzk1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pou2af1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rab15	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rap2b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
relb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697838	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701417	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sash1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697268	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sdccag8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sidt2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
supt3h	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
stard10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tbc1d32	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tbccd1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704346	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
uxs1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702516	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
wdr27	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706360	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708272	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atf2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atf3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693415	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
apbb1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703924	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rsrc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
armc9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709787	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
axdnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
b3gat2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694039	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707807	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
baz1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707324	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
calm2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709916	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704914	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
comp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699154	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cerkl	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
chrm5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691234	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
chrd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
chgb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lg15h19orf25	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694176	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cfap43	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cluh	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102078018	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
col4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
col8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
col24a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
clasp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700465	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703660	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701346	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ddah1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705626	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dusp10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694883	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
edar	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
entpd6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701586	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
echs1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
etnk1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
eif2a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
eif2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
eif4ebp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ezr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fabp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fndc4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fign	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
foxp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690703	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706552	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gpx7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gbf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701982	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hsp90ab1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hnrnpul1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708655	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695474	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hdac2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702792	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
habp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hmbs	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hcrtr2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691170	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
itga4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
itgav	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
itgb5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
itgbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
iapp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
klhl29	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ksr2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lbr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lmnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102082489	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lum	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lamp3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692615	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
med23	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mmadhc	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102078747	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mcm8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mrps18a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700904	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
map3k5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mybpc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nppc	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
neb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ncaph2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694582	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ncoa1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nr5a2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703208	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ost4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
perp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pax3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pcnx2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptx3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691072	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pex7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pebp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pi4ka	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pde1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pde2a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102083227	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710868	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pde7b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pla1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plcd4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703201	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702940	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pdgfd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plek	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plxna4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702638	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706932	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696994	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prpf8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prcp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pcca	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pcsk5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
psap	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptgir	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
psmd1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prkra	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptk2b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptpro	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pcmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pus7l	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693192	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
p2ry2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696294	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ror1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rgs7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rfx2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691710	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rnf26	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rnf8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sln	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701131	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sema5b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sptlc3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
serpind1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
srf	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sprn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
siae	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc17a5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc35f3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc4a4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc46a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
s1pr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
snd1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sarm1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
samd4b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711345	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
strn4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698329	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tcp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tut4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tbxa2r	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tymp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708276	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695257	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708175	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
timm8b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tmtc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tmem161b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tmem38a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tmem70	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tubd1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tbcb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tie1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
usp9x	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vcp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
veph1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
znrf3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
znf513	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
abl2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
alms1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
abcb8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692262	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694151	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694365	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706618	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bag1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bag5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cpamd8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lg19h15orf41	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699205	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
csmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ddah2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dlgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
top2b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dnajc17	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706107	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703163	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fancm	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
faf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703527	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gng2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100712060	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gata6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707394	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gchfr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lsm2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mindy4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
naa10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ndufs2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ndufv2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705427	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nsun2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nop9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
npc2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
smim24	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711479	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rela	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
polr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
racgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702998	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692684	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rock1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sin3b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
stard3nl	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696501	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
stard9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC109194259	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
traf3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704492	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vps39	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vps50	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
wnt10b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693354	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ache	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698696	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
acss2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702233	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
amt	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC109195519	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692669	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707194	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698905	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bsg	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
bahd1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
brpf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pkig	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cactin	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701248	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cptp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
clic1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
clcn6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698259	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
csde1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
col4a5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
col4a6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
col16a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
c8a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
corin	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cdk5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pdss2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dvl2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
dusp23	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102078517	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC102080384	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
epo	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
eif2ak3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
eif2b5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fam151a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fam167b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fam32a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fam50a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698043	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699443	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709336	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700524	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ftcd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691886	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710500	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706816	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707077	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gpx2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
gss	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hspa12b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hsh2d	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hdlbp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hdac6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696367	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hdac8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hsd17b8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hcn2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
inpp5d	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
igf2bp3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708122	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ints11	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693228	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
isca2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
jmjd7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691451	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
klc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lama5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
leprot	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lzic	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ldlrap1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
maco1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706349	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
men1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709545	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701520	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706560	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100701225	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mgll	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mpdz	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
mef2b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711408	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
npr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
npas3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nexn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nmnat1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nfib	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nfatc2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nfatc4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
nrm	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707476	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700409	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
osbpl9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pjvk	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pex14	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pik3cd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pgd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plcb2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plcb3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
plcg1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100699552	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694799	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pag1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pnn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC109196048	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
podn	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pan2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
parp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100695192	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kcnh8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
kcnq3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prok1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pccb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691382	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691639	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
prkaa2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703104	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
pkn2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ppp1r14b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ppp1r9a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100693436	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
ripk1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100709275	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
renbp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rpia	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rpl13a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100692096	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100700616	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100691037	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
rnf220	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sema3g	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
serpina10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sumo1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704279	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc19a2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc2a5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc25a11	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
slc25a21	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100710813	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100698426	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100708625	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
spred1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
soat1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100711328	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sbno2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sdf4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
sdhaf3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706927	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tec	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tep1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tspan31	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
txnip	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
trh	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
tmbim6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100703845	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
wars	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
vax2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100706183	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
LOC100704967	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
zmpste24	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes| edema | rosiglitazone
hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
atic	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
celf4	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
dnmt1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
rad18	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
smurf1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ahcy	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100697931	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100710852	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100707845	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100692334	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
egf	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
fgf4	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100705046	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mthfs	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100694673	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mdk	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
map2k4	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
rhpn2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
sfrp2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100706212	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
akap10	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100712516	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
blm	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
bambi	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
hras	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100690212	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ttk	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
adar	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ace	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
atg12	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
atg5	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
casr	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
col11a1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ehmt1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
eif3h	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
gsdme	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ins	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100695895	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100702352	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
myo3a	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
serpinf1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
tent5a	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100701327	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
atm	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
braf	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
dhx36	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
polb	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
fancg	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
hic1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
pou2af1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
rmi1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
secisbp2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
tbr1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
amd1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
wisp3	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
f5	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
dapk1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100706019	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ing1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ppp1r13l	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
rprm	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100695554	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
akap9	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
e2f2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100712021	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100693354	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ada	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
atg2b	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100698905	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ca6	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
wisp1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100700415	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ehmt2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
manba	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mapre2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mlh3	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
odc1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
gart	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
ripk1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100710041	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
selenos	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer
hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
pold1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100700923	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mybl2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mpg	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
nubp1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rad18	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ran	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100697553	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rassf1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
xiap	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100696673	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100696953	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cstf1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ccna2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100709652	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
dusp1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
egf	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100698579	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hprt1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
il16	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
keap1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
lmod1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mif	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
map2k4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100704034	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ninj1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
pin1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
pctp	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
plk1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
pdcd5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
psma4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rack1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
scube2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100699319	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100697439	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tspo	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
zfpm1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100705950	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100712516	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
atp1b2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
blm	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
dgcr8	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100707186	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hras	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hus1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
lmo2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
met	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
nubp2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100694480	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
amacr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
alad	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ace	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100706140	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100705328	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
bhlhe41	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
casr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
camkk1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ddb2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100695719	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hspb1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ireb2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
laptm4b	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100702891	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
me1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC102080194	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
map2k1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100703866	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
pot1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100694900	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
sspn	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
slc30a5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
slc4a2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100710353	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100695172	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
sra1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
trdmt1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
terf1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tdg	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tsg101	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
atm	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
braf	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
btbd3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ddx18	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
polb	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
pole	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
poli	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
fancg	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100694109	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rab15	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rerg	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rasa1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rev1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
yap1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
agt	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100534432	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100704819	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cth	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
dync2h1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
xpo5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ezr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100694773	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
gemin4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
gpx7	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hspa14	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hspb8	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hykk	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hif1an	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
lrmp	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mest	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100702918	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100696183	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
parp4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ppp1r12a	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ppp1r13l	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100703854	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100705572	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ret	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
slc29a3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
slc30a1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
slc30a3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
dhcr24	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
akap9	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
atr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100711753	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100694205	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mnat1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100712021	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100704168	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
rb1cc1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
arhgef11	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
wrap53	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
akr1a1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
amt	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100708747	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cdc25b	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cdk5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100705711	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100706888	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100707941	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100700524	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
gpx2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
gss	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
cga	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100703423	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100708122	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100709156	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
dio1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mtor	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mad2l1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ncoa6	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100710041	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
sema3b	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
trit1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tep1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tert	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tfpi2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
LOC100690141	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tp53i3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer
hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
dhcr7	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100691027	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100700725	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
rpain	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
tradd	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
hsd11b2	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC102080433	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
slc24a5	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
tbx1	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100705328	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
f5	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
ptges2	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
dhcr24	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC102080384	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
gart	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
zeb2	GAD_DISEASE:patent ductus arteriosus
hpgd	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100712075	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
dhcr7	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
acly	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100700725	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
elovl6	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
nsdhl	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100706680	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
sp1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
acox1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100709803	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
carm1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
grb2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
mbtps1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
msmo1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
mvd	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100697722	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100692112	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100692331	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
slc27a1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100709284	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100700105	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
pdpk1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
abcd3	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
abcg4	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100696389	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100692645	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
e2f4	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
hras	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
mybbp1a	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
rapgef1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
shc1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
scap	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100702823	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
add1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ace	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
esrra	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100692160	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
fdps	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
fasn	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100710257	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100699299	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100705927	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
insig1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ins	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100701917	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
idi1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
me1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
mlycd	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
med1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
mbtps2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
mtfp1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
map2k1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
mef2d	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ncoa2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ncor1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
nr0b2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
pck2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
pmvk	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
rara	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
sqle	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100696185	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
tm7sf2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ube2i	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
elovl5	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
gabpa	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
rel	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
relb	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
aacs	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
agt	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ehhadh	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
fabp1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
inppl1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC102082489	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
med23	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ncoa1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ncoa4	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
nrf1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
rhoq	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100691710	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
tgs1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
dhcr24	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
cebpd	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ebp	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
rela	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100698696	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
acadvl	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
acss2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100702293	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC109195682	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100698043	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100698819	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100700997	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
mtor	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ncoa6	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100693657	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
pdk4	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
sumo1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) levels
cnp	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
adamtsl5	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
csk	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ctbp1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
emc8	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100696126	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100690862	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
mapkap1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100698493	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
nadsyn1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100710707	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100706199	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC102076274	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC102079987	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100699311	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
adm	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
aldh1a2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
apln	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cdh15	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100702438	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC102077679	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
comt	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cdyl2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ccdc86	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100691349	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cnnm2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ergic1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
egf	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
foxf1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100705046	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100706459	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
hsd11b2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100696591	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
pigg	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
pigq	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100696074	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
psma4	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ror2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
rgs12	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100701195	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100702031	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
slit2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
slc12a1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100709284	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
tollip	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
tcf25	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
tmem39a	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
tbcd	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ube2r2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ulk3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
znf652	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
polg	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
llgl2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
nedd4l	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ruvbl2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100704495	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
vopp1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100707204	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
wnk4	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
acadsb	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
add1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
add2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
alad	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100690011	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
arsg	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
casr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100706497	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
dock1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100707500	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
eif2ak1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
fut7	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
kl	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ldlrad4	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
lpcat3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
m6pr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
megf11	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
mef2d	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100696776	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
panx2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100700816	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
p2rx4	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
rnls	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
trdmt1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100701010	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100692475	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
th	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
usp20	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ulk4	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100697547	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100704013	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100699310	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
atm	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
dnajc6	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
fkbp1b	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
osgep	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
rabgap1l	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
sbf1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100703297	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
wscd2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
acss1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100710803	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100707182	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
celsr1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cct2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
chga	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
chgb	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
f5	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cul9	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100708867	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100710174	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
fgf5	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100690703	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
gck	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
pygb	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100696840	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
inppl1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100692673	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
itga9	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
lztr1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
mccc2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
nppc	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
nvl	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
otc	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
plat	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100696994	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ptk2b	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
p2ry2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100705785	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
uhrf1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
usp37	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
zc3h3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100692262	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100694151	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ddah2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
acot7	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ap3d1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ada	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
atl1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
casz1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
colec11	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC102080384	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
ivd	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
kynu	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
npr1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
npy	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
nup210	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
pxdn	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
pacs2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
psmb4	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
renbp	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100708625	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
sptbn5	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
trappc9	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
LOC100696419	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
vipr2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension
cnp	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
abat	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
acly	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
atp2b2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
bap1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100692560	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
camkv	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100709700	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gnl3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100695013	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
mdga1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100696070	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ntan1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
rpgrip1l	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100693466	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
sox10	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100706281	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100706109	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
aldh1a2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100697933	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100694585	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100710835	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
chl1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100707016	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100707064	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
col7a1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100705952	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100691349	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
dag1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
drp2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
egf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
eif3d	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
flnb	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100702483	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gria2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100708712	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100700221	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100699275	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
hrh1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
homer2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
htt	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100692292	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100701740	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
med12	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100689830	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
map1a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
megf10	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
nelfcd	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100698076	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100702995	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ndel1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
nde1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
nudt6	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100701851	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pcm1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100711384	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100698807	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pick1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pcdh12	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100704048	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100693903	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
slc24a5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100694542	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
slc6a5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
syn2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100704677	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100696337	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
tspo	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
usp4	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
adam15	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
adam22	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
dgcr2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gnb1l	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100704908	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100695328	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
qki	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100709723	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
setd2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100711777	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
st8sia2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100693968	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100706142	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ap3b1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ap3b2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100695178	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100691432	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
bloc1s5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100697270	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
crh	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100695684	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ddr1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100693164	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100699377	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
eno2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ess2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
fez1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
fnip1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100690133	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100696649	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100691717	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
grik5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100700659	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
hal	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
homer1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
map1b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
map6	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
mlc1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100709000	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ntng1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
nbeal2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100708883	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
nts	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100698290	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pip4k2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pla2g1b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC109194205	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100695866	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100690594	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100711602	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
reln	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
rgs9	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100703384	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100702022	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
selenbp1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
sema3d	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100704625	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
uhrf2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
sigmar1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100691516	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100710353	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
smpd1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
txndc5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
tcf4	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
tfap2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
th	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100698253	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100699312	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
zdhhc8	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
zbtb20	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
atm	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
bag3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
dao	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
fxr1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100707558	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gulp1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100701682	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100693976	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pdlim5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
rbm45	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
arhgap18	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
st6gal2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
traf3ip1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
vrk2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ascl1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
atf2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100705570	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100691320	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100709454	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100698963	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
rsrc1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
aspm	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
astn1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
brd1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
celsr1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
cerkl	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
chrm5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
chga	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
chgb	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100705715	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
dlx1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
fign	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
foxp2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
grik4	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100711430	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC102083201	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
hint1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
homer3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
hmbs	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100710579	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
kpna3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
kmo	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ntf3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100710064	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100700859	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100707296	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pah	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pi4ka	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pde7b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
phgdh	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100711396	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100704010	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100690207	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
slc1a4	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
slc1a5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
slc18a1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
sult4a1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
snap29	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100707847	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
tcp1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
tsnax	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ufd1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
alk	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ahi1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ndufv2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100703342	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
rock1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100707896	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100693961	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100701247	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
uhmk1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ap3d1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ajap1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
amt	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100690880	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100700186	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ipo5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
impdh2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
jarid2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100706244	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
npas3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
npy	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ntsr1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ppt1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
plaa	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC109194371	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
sema3b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
slc6a9	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
tnr	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
p53	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia
papss1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
bdh2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
cxxc4	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
elovl6	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
eya2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
gar1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100692923	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100697618	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100695867	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pou3f4	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
rras2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
rbm5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100701467	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100695921	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
sec24b	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
simc1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tbck	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
traf7	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ugt8	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ugdh	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100534413	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
acads	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ap1ar	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
adra1d	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
aimp1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100693678	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100705952	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100690422	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
cars	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100694260	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
dkk2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100706414	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100690920	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
flnb	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
flt4	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
fah	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100700221	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100691210	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
gstcd	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100690411	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
glrb	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
helt	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
homer2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
hadh	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ppa2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ints12	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100707779	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100696521	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100707153	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100711910	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
mettl14	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
mcub	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100697018	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
mtif2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
mmd	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100711322	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
npnt	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
nfil3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pla2g12a	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pkd1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100696388	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
prelp	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ppm1g	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ptprb	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pus10	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
purb	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
prss12	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100704529	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100710302	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
sgms2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100704677	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC102079281	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
synpo	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
stx18	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tacr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100705527	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tbce	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100694779	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100699853	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100693207	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
znf652	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
adamts13	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100695260	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
erc1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
hecw1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100705428	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
lhx6	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pknox2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pdzd7	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pou6f2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
rorb	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100708243	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100693800	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100705918	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ttk	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
wdr7	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
afap1l2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100695178	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
aspa	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
bckdhb	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
capn7	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
chrnd	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100708917	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ccbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
colq	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pdss1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100693164	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
eef1e1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100698078	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100706356	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
homer1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
hgd	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100711592	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100692643	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100699650	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100699679	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
nefm	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100707262	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100689819	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
fars2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC106097889	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100700816	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
prr5l	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ptpre	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100711602	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
rpa2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tgoln2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tmem132c	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tmem218	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tmprss15	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tbca	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100698253	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
znf532	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
agpat5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
haao	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
bnip3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
bub1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ddhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100693271	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
efhc1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ehbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
elovl5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
epha7	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
rad51ap1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
arhgap15	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
srbd1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100692432	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100708272	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
arrdc3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
bmpr1b	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
camkmt	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
cenpe	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100699838	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100691234	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
chrd	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
col4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
cobll1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
cutc	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
csrnp3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100706916	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
entpd4	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
emb	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
fgf5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100693476	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
grik4	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
gmps	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
hip1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
klhl42	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100711011	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
lrpprc	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100696268	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
mmadhc	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100690653	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
myo7a	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
nxph2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
opa3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pde7b	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
plekhg1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100702324	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
prr16	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
prkra	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
prkg2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ptprr	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
sgcg	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
slc37a3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100706809	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ttc12	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ttl	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
vwc2l	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100701459	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
csmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ddo	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
top2b	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
farp2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
faf1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
hivep1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
kansl2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
larp7	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
mtss1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
prdm5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
rasl11a	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
sec24d	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
st6galnac3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
suco	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tifa	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC106097711	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
mgat5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
arsj	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100695450	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
clcn4	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
col6a1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
col25a1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
cfi	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100690070	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100706888	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
dync1i1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
etnppl	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100710500	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
enpep	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC102078936	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
lclat1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
manba	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
mad2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100711408	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
nbeal1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
nufip1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ostc	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100695832	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pcnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pde5a	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC109194371	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC102081481	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
rpa3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
rrh	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
rpl34	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
sdhaf3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
tnn	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
vipr2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism
papss1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100708428	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Liver Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Liver Neoplasms
papss1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100690579	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
arap3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
cxxc4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
cyld	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ddx56	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100707015	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100709700	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
gata2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
rbm47	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
rmi2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100703081	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
asb7	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100711692	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100697777	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100711837	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lg6h4orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
drp2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100692094	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lrig1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
map2k4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100701092	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
psmd14	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100705319	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100707137	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
sptlc1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
spcs3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
slc7a11	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100693456	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100694597	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
tgfbi	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
tmem233	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ube2z	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
vgll4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100697454	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100711611	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100701678	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
bccip	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100705935	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
dhx32	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
polg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
dnajc13	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
fam20a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100704067	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
gpr158	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mtbp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
macc1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
npc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
pou3f1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100706321	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
arhgap31	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100706384	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
smyd4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100712013	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
smg6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
spty2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100701071	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
tbx20	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
asz1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ano3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100690011	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100702556	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
chst15	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
cadm2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
cep162	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100698126	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lg12h5orf34	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
cfap58	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
cttnbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
dmgdh	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
frrs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
gpat3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
golga3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ibtk	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC102080255	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lrrc20	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lpar1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
meox2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mrpl13	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
megf11	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
nsg2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100706113	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100702434	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
rfx3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
slc35f2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
tctn3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
tent5a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100700751	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
tpbg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100712015	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100695266	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
abi3bp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
bcap29	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
btbd3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
cdc42ep3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100699238	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
prim2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
kiaa0825	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lhfpl6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mia3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
rab23	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
six2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
st3gal4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
st6gal2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
svop	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100702161	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
tbk1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100704346	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
acsl3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100690575	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC102083004	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100690303	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
col4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
dync2h1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
fam83b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
fndc1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
hif1an	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lrmda	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lgr5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mut	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mrps6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mras	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
nmur1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
nrip2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
nup50	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ostf1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
pebp4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
plekhg1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100705349	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
paip1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
galnt13	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100698444	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
pcca	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100689962	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
pgpep1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
rgs7	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
slc5a3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
trmt9b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ttc12	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
tcf21	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ust	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
zc3hc1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
hacd4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
akap6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
atp10d	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ddah2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
dcaf5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
def6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100700421	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
kiaa0232	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
vapa	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
wdr12	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
aco1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ablim2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100702233	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
agr2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
aph1a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
btd	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
bcas1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
chdh	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lg20h1orf174	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
corin	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100689759	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100699012	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
fsip1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100691886	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC106098048	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
gmpr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lrrc74a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lin52	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mark2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
mylip	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
nid2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100694799	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC102081359	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100707119	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
slc38a6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
slc39a8	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
ttc29	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
trim9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
triqk	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease
papss1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100695379	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
ctr9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
cwc27	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
dennd1a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC102078767	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
nlrc5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100695921	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100689955	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100691522	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
dnm2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
edc4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC102081201	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
itga11	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC102076518	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
kif26b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100691835	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100691791	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100698203	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
plekho2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
prrc1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
rnf130	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100693905	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100708550	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100697470	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100696335	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
atp8b1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100698131	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
e2f4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100695758	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
golph3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC102080114	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
parvb	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
prdx5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
ptpre	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100703384	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
slc12a9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
spry4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
tmem132e	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
ebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
mia3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
mdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
rassf3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100697268	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
ssx2ip	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
tarbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
wdr11	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100706241	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
arrdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC102083004	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100690303	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
cobll1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
clasp1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
fndc1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
hspd1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
klhl29	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
lpar3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
pcnx2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
pdgfd	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
kctd12	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
sgcg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
stab2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
tmem169	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100693545	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
mis18bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC109194311	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100711479	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100696265	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
dthd1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
selenos	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
LOC100697866	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
usp24	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease
papss1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
atp2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
baiap3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
barx1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
lg5h3orf67	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100707015	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100693353	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
gata2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
gpalpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mindy2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ndufb6	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
nuf2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pds5a	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rbbp5	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100695921	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rin2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100703081	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
srcin1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100690887	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC102076274	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
taf5l	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100690481	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tbc1d16	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tbc1d20	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tead3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100709803	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100704746	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
aga	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
blzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cntln	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cenpf	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
lg6h4orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100705309	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cntn2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cramp1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ccne1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
csrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ciao3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100699771	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ero1b	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
bbox1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
glra1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
casc4	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
hs3st4	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
hdc	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
hao1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100704787	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
itgb6	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
iffo2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
irx3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
kif26b	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mical2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
map2k4	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mmd	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100698303	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100698076	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
nfil3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100705989	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pepd	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pla2r1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
plcg2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100711670	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100703625	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
psmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
psmf1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ppm1k	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pcdh19	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
reep5	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
prss12	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
slit2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100704048	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100697206	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100705504	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tacr2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tnmd	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tespa1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tfap2c	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC109202221	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
usp49	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
vat1l	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
vamp3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100700131	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC102083309	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
atp6v1g1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100698131	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
atp2a3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
banp	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cmtm8	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
elmod1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ehf	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
elk3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100693441	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100705428	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
insc	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
jakmip3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC109194158	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100696212	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
noc3l	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
nsmce2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rexo4	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rsu1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
sec24a	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
spty2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tbx20	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100703334	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
wnt11	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
yae1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ythdf3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
acat1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100707801	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ano10	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100690011	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100711064	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ca12	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100698126	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
lg7h18orf54	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
dock1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100699377	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100704838	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
fam163b	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
glrx3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100706356	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100707947	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ncf1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
nom1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pip4k2a	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pan3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rgs9	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rfxap	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100703384	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
slc35f2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
snx10	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
snx29	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100701814	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
spry4	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100696185	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tex47	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tcerg1l	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
trpa1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100695568	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tmem132e	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tmem135	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tmem241	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tango2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
trim8	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100695266	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100693789	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pfkfb3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
bag3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
bcas3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
bnip3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
bcl9l	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
btbd3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cwc22	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100693271	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
elovl7	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
fli1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
gpr156	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ndufs7	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rap1gap2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rmi1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
sphkap	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
sfmbt2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
uxs1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
armt1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100691320	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
aasdhppt	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ankrd6	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100707807	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
creb3l2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
celsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100699569	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cenpe	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
chrm5	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100697399	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cobll1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cnnm1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
dtl	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100692885	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
dse	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
dip2a	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
daam1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
echdc3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
grik4	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
hspb8	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
hmcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
hao2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ints7	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
iyd	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100710579	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
marco	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
meltf	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mettl16	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
map3k20	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
map3k21	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
myf5	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100698217	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
nfic	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pth2r	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pcnx2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
psat1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pid1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100702324	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100711396	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pars2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pcca	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
prox1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
kdelc1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pdk1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rnf8	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
scg2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
srp19	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100697378	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
stab2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
sucnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100691054	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC106096811	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ubr3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
vit	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cables1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
dnajc1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
gata6	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
hivep1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
nme7	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
nudcd1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
phlpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC109194311	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100692884	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rnd3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
sp4	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
stard9	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
vapa	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ak5	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mgat5	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
arsj	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
bmp8a	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100695450	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
lg20h1orf174	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
cdan1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
dnah12	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
egln3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
hs2st1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
kif26a	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mbd5	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
msmp	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
mtcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
nfib	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100701233	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100707476	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100707212	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
galnt12	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
kcnq3	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pdcd6ip	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
dusp27	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100703237	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
slc24a2	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100706927	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100698836	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100698935	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke
LOC100712075	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100711700	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100697553	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100708296	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
tradd	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100534525	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100690586	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
blm	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
casp2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
c6	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
c9	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
pdss1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
star	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
acbd3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
casp8ap2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
clu	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100712564	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
c1qtnf7	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
npc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
stard3nl	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
akr1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100698905	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
c8b	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
ripk1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
abat	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
alas1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atic	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
abcb10	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
abcc12	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acly	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp5mf	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp5po	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp5pd	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atad3a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100700973	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dele1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ddx28	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
polg2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dnaja3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100694756	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dnajc4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gmppb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
guf1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
higd2a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hemk1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
iqce	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nags	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufaf3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufs3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufs8	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufa6	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufab1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufb10	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufb6	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufb7	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705042	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nme3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100703020	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
prelid1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
prelid3b	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
park7	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100698633	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100703329	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100693168	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rexo2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100709233	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
spg7	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC102081219	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100698400	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tamm41	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
trap1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100709579	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tufm	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acaa1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acad9	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acads	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100692150	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acsf3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100709803	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC109194363	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
aars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
aldh4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
as3mt	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
bloc1s1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100698402	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
clpp	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lg1h15orf48	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
coq7	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
coq9	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ccdc51	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100703844	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
chchd4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100692860	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100711554	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100710189	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100703964	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100707142	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100695052	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100694607	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dut	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
drg2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dld	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dhodh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dus2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dusp26	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
etfdh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
eefsec	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fdx2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100692258	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fahd1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
bbox1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100694977	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gatb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ears2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
glrx	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100704678	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gcat	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gatm	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gfer	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hspa9	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705503	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hadh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hagh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
immt	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ppa2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100692119	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
idh3b	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ldhd	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lap3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lias	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
kars	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100711262	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mthfs	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mars	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mcee	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mtch2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
minos1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mief1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mtfmt	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100699462	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrm2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl12	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl16	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl18	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl20	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl21	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl45	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl46	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps11	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps16	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps24	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps28	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps34	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps7	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mtif2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100693776	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
noa1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nthl1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100706606	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nudt2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ptcd3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pde12	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100695535	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ppm1k	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pdhb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pdpr	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rsad1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100690483	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
romo1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100696741	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sccpdh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100710246	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100690586	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sfxn1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sirt3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100695063	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100710339	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a10	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a19	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100711277	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100697124	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a26	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a34	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
suclg2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
suclg1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
suox	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC106098018	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
trmt10c	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
trnt1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
thg1l	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100697470	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
txn2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tfb2m	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
timm10	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
timm17a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100703030	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tspo	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tmem11	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tmem186	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100704109	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100704828	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100693558	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705312	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100707594	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100710605	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
decr1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100711871	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100702424	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100691671	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nt5m	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nt5c3a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pts	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
akap10	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
abcd3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
abcf2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp5f1a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100709019	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atpaf2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atad1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100692352	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
cmc1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dhx29	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
polg	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
emc2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100698874	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
foxred1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gfm2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lyrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lyrm4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
asah2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufaf6	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufa2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufa3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufa8	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufa9	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufb4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nif3l1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
prelid3a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rab24	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rab35	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100693800	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tcaim	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
yme1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
adck2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
abhd11	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acat1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100702823	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
aco2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acad11	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acadsb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acsl5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
agk	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ak3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100701752	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705401	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100698670	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100695178	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
amacr	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
aass	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rars	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
armc1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
armc10	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nars	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
bola1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
bckdhb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
bckdk	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100707255	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100700628	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100699400	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
coq3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
coq4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC102076662	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ccdc90b	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100707007	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
chchd7	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
c1qbp	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100706419	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100703716	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100695060	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100696016	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100706497	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100692674	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100696786	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ctu1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dap3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pdss1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dhtkd1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dcakd	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dlat	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dmgdh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
etfa	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
etfb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
eci2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fam136a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100698117	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fam210a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fdps	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fasn	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fdxr	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100704391	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fech	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705927	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ghitm	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705331	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100694159	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hsdl2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ireb2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705178	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
idi1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lactb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100702713	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrs2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mdh2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
me1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mlycd	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100689863	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mat2b	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
msrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100707050	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
micu2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mtfr1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mtpap	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl10	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl13	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl15	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl17	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl22	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl27	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl32	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl41	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl43	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl51	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl58	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps12	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps15	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps17	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps18c	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps31	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps35	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrrf	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mto1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mecr	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mterf2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nln	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100706113	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nudt13	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
oat	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
oxr1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ptcd2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ptrh2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100699274	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
prdx5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pgs1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pck2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100697616	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
plgrkt	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100695866	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
prodh2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
prr5l	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100701817	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ppox	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100699409	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pdhx	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100701650	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pdp1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100702338	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rhot2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rida	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rmdn1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rps14	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sardh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
spr	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
prss35	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sfxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705538	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a32	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a35	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a40	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100710671	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a46	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
star	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
stoml2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sdha	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100702377	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tbrg4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100690964	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
timm10b	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
timm21	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
timm22	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tomm22	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100698042	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tdrkh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
twnk	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
yars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100709124	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100706772	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100691194	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
vdac1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100700892	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
agpat5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hibch	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
oxct1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
akap1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
afg1l	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp5f1c	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp5mc3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atpaf1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100691587	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
clpb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
poldip2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dnajc15	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100691052	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gfm1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
grsf1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gtpbp3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gtpbp8	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hddc2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hscb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lyrm7	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mpv17l2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
naxd	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufaf2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufaf4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufs1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufs7	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufa10	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufa12	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufa5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufa7	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufb2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100708544	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufs4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufv3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nlrx1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nme6	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
osgepl1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100703611	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rab32	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100706225	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100697838	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100697268	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
secisbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
triap1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100700472	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
uxs1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acaa2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acp6	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acad8	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acss1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100710803	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
aldh1l2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100706096	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
agps	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
aifm2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
aifm3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
bphl	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100707807	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
bckdha	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
crls1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
clybl	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
coq10b	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
coq2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
coq5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
coq8a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100693708	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
chchd1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
chchd2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100692481	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100693926	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705832	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100689881	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100697423	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705170	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100701346	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100689795	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ddah1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100699640	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100699921	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
endog	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100709616	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ehhadh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
echdc3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
echs1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100711430	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gatc	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
glrx2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
glrx5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gldc	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
glod4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hspd1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hao2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hadhb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hsdl1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
isca1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lrpprc	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lipt2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lonp1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
me2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
me3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mcat	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mmab	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mtx2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mccc1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mccc2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100709995	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100702918	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mut	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mcu	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
micu1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mgme1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mpv17	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mpc2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrm3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl14	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl19	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl28	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl30	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl40	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl42	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl44	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl55	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl57	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps10	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps18a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps22	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps23	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps27	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps30	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps33	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps6	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mtg1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mtrf1l	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mtif3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nipsnap1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ncoa4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nudt8	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
opa3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pak5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pmpca	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pmpcb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ptrh1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
prdx3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
prxl2a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
phyh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pnpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100690566	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pcca	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ptges2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pdk1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rmdn3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rfk	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rnaseh1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rpl35a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sptlc2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100709896	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sfxn4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ssbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sirt5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a16	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a28	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100700714	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a36	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a47	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc30a6	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
snd1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sdhaf4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sucla2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
trmu	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tk2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
timm8b	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tomm70	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tmtc1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tmem223	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tmem70	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
wars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ung	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hmgcl	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
oxsm	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100710627	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100697229	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
abcb8	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp5f1e	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp5if1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp5pf	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp5pb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp10d	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dglucy	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dcaf5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dnajc27	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ecsit	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fastkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fkbp8	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fastk	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
grpel1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100693638	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
l2hgdh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
letmd1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
naxe	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufaf1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufs2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufv1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufv2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufa13	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufb3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufb5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufb9	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufs5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ndufs6	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nubpl	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
oma1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
oxa1l	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pink1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sfxn5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100692846	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rab5if	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
polrmt	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
spryd4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slirp	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
adck1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
adck5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
aco1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100698696	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acox3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
acot13	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ak2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
agmat	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100707770	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
adhfe1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
aldh7a1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC109194280	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
aadat	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
amt	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
agr2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
arg2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
aurkaip1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
cbr4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
cpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
cct7	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
clic4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
chdh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
cs	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100708856	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
coq6	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
cpox	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
cars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
apopt1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC106096464	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100704650	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pdss2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dhrs1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
dbt	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
atp5s	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fitm2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fis1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
fh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100707418	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
qrsl1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
gpd2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100703423	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
hsd17b8	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
isca2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
iba57	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
iars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ivd	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
kif1b	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
kynu	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
kyat3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lactb2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lamtor5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
letm1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lipt1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mmachc	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mul1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100706582	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl24	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl33	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl34	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl35	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl37	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl39	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl47	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100701605	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100704434	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl52	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl54	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrpl9	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps14	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps18b	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps21	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps25	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps26	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mrps9	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ss18l1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
lg19h6orf203	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mterf1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mterf3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100694416	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mfn1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mfn2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100693897	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nit1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
nfxl1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
oxnad1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100710057	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100703194	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100703953	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pex11b	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100694830	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pccb	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ptgr2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pc	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
pdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rmnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rtn4ip1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rpl10a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
rpl34	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705758	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sars	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a11	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100700247	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a13	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a21	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
slc25a33	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705019	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100711328	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sdhaf3	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC102077906	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
trit1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
ttc19	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tfb1m	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100692578	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
timm9	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
tomm7	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100696190	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100705487	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100706528	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
LOC100697843	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
vars2	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Disease Progression
abat	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
dhcr7	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100705449	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
hirip3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
tub	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100691312	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100697933	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
aanat	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
arnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
camk2b	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100692519	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100710052	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
hcrt	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
inpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100707779	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100690541	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
mtnr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
mcm7	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100697722	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
nlgn3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100706047	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
nfil3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100702181	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100698807	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
sez6l2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100698818	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
slc30a4	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
slc6a1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
slc6a14	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
tspo	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100704597	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100703537	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ubl5	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
pts	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100711330	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC109194158	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
met	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
maz	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100700713	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100704495	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
tspoap1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
wnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100711064	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
cacna1g	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100697270	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
cux2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
drg1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
dnaaf4	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100706716	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100699299	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
mtf1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100708883	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100700816	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
spr	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100689712	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100701681	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
th	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
vipr1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
rapgef4	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100702846	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
chrm5	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
csrnp3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
dlx1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
dlx2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
fignl1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
foxp2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
hes1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100692400	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
hoxd11	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
hoxd12	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
hcrtr2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ing3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
itga4	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100695679	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ntf3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
nostrin	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
nr2e1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
osbpl6	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ppig	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
pah	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ptgir	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100702877	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
scg5	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
stk39	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
smo	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100707847	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
tspan12	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ube2h	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
upp2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
ahi1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
fastk	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
gchfr	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
phf8	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
rasgrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC102075979	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
agrn	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
fam120c	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
cga	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100692208	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100695832	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
rims3	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100692845	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100700247	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
slc25a13	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100704248	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
sts	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100711328	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
LOC100698085	GAD_DISEASE:Autism
abat	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced|
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced|
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced|
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced|
slc6a11	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced|
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced|
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced|
LOC109194280	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced|
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced|
abat	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
cdk5rap1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
luc7l3	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100698833	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
tp53rk	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
apbb2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100692519	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100692879	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100704610	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
hipk3	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100703825	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100690099	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100691255	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100709859	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100694452	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
suclg2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
bnip2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100705935	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
dnajb13	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
elmod1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
ik	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
rad1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100707204	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100698670	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100706466	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
chst2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100707255	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100699097	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100698323	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100691064	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
gtf2h1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100692427	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC106097889	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
ppp2ca	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
stk17a	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
sra1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
sulf1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100709124	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
vdac1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
hacd2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
akap1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
bcap29	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100698862	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
cop1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
cwf19l2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
pole	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100699396	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
gpr156	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
gpr176	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
gpr6	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
git1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100706664	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100699154	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
cgrrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
cerkl	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
dapk1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
kntc1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
orc5	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC102075629	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100697497	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
rif1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
slc18a1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
akap6	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100707394	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
oxa1l	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
phlpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
runx3	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
acox3	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
adcy8	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
adgra3	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
adgrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
ctnnal1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
wisp1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
cdkn3	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
dad1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
degs2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
dync1h1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100698043	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
fh	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100698527	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
nfatc2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100696153	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
plcb2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
prkd1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
LOC100711328	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
tec	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
tdp2	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy
abat	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
gpr139	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100694598	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100697603	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100706109	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100699905	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ankrd11	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
cbx2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100689955	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100692519	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
egr1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100711032	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100694220	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100702483	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
gria2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100708712	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100690686	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
hdac3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
hipk3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
kbtbd8	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
lg7h5orf30	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100708842	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
nde1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pcm1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
prmt7	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100704341	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
slc24a5	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100704677	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
tacr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100707594	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
vps13c	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
dgcr2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
emc2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
gnb1l	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100696266	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
lsm1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
met	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
rundc3b	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
stt3a	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
tbx1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
wwc1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100695178	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ano3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
arsg	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
cabin1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100698178	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100708699	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100699626	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
dap	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100693164	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100699377	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
dusp4	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
dym	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
egr3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
fasn	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
gtf3c4	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100697557	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100690133	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100691717	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
hdac10	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
mlec	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100700292	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
nrn1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100708883	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
otos	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pik3c2a	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pip4k2a	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pstpip2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100690594	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100711602	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pnpo	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
rnls	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
shisa9	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
slco5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100697952	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
spry4	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
tspan18	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
tcf4	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
trpa1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
zdhhc8	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100704013	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
arid4b	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
btaf1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
dao	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ddx31	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100707558	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
sdccag8	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
smarcad1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
atf2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
asb1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
cad	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100693549	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
clu	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100697399	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
cdk1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
entpd4	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
elp3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
fstl1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
foxp2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
grik4	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100711430	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
gys2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
gas2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
gmps	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100694141	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100702792	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
mpc2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
mtif3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
mkln1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100698217	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pdc	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pi4ka	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100702324	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pawr	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
psap	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pgpep1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100707567	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
rps24	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100690207	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
nalcn	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
slc35a5	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
stx7	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
tsnax	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ufd1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100694666	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ahi1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100708930	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
efcab14	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
nubpl	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
arhgef10	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
traf3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
rere	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ccdc13	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100700149	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
kynu	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
mylip	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ntsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100710923	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
plaa	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
plcb2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100694690	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
pea15	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
kiaa0391	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
ppp1r36	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100700425	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
tc2n	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
tmx1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia
abat	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adamts6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
alg1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696305	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
abcc12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atad5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atp8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atp2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696627	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
btbd10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bbs4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cxcl14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102077463	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
crtc3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
celf4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cwc27	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dtd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
st5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dram2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dna2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707015	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
efcab2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709700	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eya2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ecpas	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fbxo10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fancd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693353	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691616	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gna12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701321	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707702	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
grk3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gpatch1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710037	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
herc3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hmgxb4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hyls1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kiaa0513	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lhfpl4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lasp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701197	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lmcd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695017	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrba	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mdga1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mapkap1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mrto4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
asah1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697618	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695867	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
necab2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ndufaf5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ndufs8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ndrg4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nudcd3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pdzrn3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
phlpp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
phf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700723	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pxk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
r3hcc1l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rab28	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702572	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
raly	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rft1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rbm20	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rbm26	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rbm47	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695921	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
polr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
polr1e	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
polr2b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ralgps1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rassf5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693200	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arhgef10l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arhgef3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arhgef38	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697981	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sec31a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
smyd3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sbf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
setd7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693377	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706213	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
srgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703081	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699015	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
spock1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
spock3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
spg11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703757	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692146	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710707	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706199	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tamm41	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102076274	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690481	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbc1d9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tead1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
thoc7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
topors	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692294	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tox3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707235	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vac14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700051	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vps54	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wdhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wdr17	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wdr59	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102079987	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wwp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706281	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wnt9b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
xpnpep1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC112841682	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699905	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ap1g1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699311	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696673	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
aldh1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
acer2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708112	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697933	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695948	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
asb16	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
anxa2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ano9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
aqp9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707057	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atg2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atg7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697931	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bnc2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692426	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bola3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702438	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdh8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
camk2b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
capn9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cast	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711692	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
capzb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cpe	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701648	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694370	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
csnk2a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdip1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cemip	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cntln	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cenpp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cep112	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711784	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cept1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696615	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693455	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdyl2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chd9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kiaa1257	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707016	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cstf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691566	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccdc174	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccdc66	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100689955	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691349	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691877	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
commd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
coro2b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704978	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cnnm2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698513	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710189	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708606	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dhrs3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dkk2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692334	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dnai1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dnal1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
drc3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eftud2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ell2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ero1a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ero1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ern1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ergic1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
epn2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eefsec	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eif3m	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700039	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
xpo6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam114a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam120a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam120b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam193a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam210b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701621	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam234b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fgl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fgf20b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
flnb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700200	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
foxp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
galns	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
glb1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bbox1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gm2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gsg1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gan	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
glce	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691544	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eprs	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690686	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gosr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gnrh2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kiaa0355	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706459	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
grb2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hebp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699275	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hs3st4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698479	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hp1bp3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hdc	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701922	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699346	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
igsf21	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697787	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
igdcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ppa2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mrvi1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
inpp4b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itfg1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itga11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696606	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
iars	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696591	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102076518	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711205	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
klhl2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kbtbd12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kif26b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692292	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lgsn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lap3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693416	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692407	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrig1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
luzp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lcorl	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705619	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lin54	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lins1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kdm3b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lpcat2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mgrn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mfsd6l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
maml3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100534525	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
magi1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703837	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mgst2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mical2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
map9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mrpl46	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692379	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699554	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
megf10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697662	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
myo1e	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704034	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690099	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mtmr14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mtmr7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nfasc	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704374	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nucks1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nfil3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nol8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ogn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
odf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pax5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701851	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pam	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pcm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ppl	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693683	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pigb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pik3r5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plcg2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pld5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
phkb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plekha6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696074	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696167	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
parn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
parp6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
galnt18	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701092	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711397	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699231	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690615	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703625	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693467	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711684	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698807	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700785	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prom1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
psmb7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prkcd	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705319	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptprb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707137	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693785	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rhoh	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690483	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC106098755	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rims4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rhbdf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rpn2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698564	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rnf150	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rnf4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sqstm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705402	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
scoc	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
scube2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slit2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
smim19	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709409	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704048	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc2a10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697923	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc5a11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc6a11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691608	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709284	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693905	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694111	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705308	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sptan1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697102	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
spata4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
smox	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
syk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sf3b3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
spon2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694452	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
samd4a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
saraf	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710800	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sbno1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708550	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
suclg2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
scai	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
syn2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697206	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705504	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700438	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702345	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
stx8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tenm3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tent4b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705527	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ttc17	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695950	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693456	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693747	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
thsd4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tll1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711184	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tcf12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tgfbrap1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708690	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmc5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem129	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem233	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem43	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trim2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trim62	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tpp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbce	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707594	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ube2r2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
usp10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
usp34	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690273	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
usp7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vgll4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703873	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693207	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701540	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zdhhc2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zbtb40	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf821	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf827	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
decr1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
abr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adam22	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adamts14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adamts16	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adpgk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arfgef1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
aff4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
alg8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694501	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699198	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712516	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
abcd3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691401	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atad1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atp8a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698131	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712391	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692352	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693700	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bicdl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
banp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
clip2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705067	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cnot4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ispd	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695224	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691541	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC109203834	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cmtm8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ctdspl	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705935	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cxadr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692645	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dennd2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
deptor	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dlec1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
efhb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
erc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
elmod1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
epha5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
elk3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fbxl13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fbxl22	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709495	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
frmpd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
frmd4a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709295	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693441	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gpr158	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699461	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710479	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698515	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698332	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
garem1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
garnl3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711398	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102080083	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
insc	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
iqch	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itprid1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kiaa1958	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lhfpl2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC109194158	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lhx6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lsm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mpp7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
malrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694611	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696814	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mov10l1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690212	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nmt2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696212	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ndufa8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nbr1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nedd4l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nek10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nek11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nsun6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nsmce2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
otulin	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pknox2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pdzd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
poc1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pou2f3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pou6f2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ppfibp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rspo3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rabgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
relch	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rab27b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rab35	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rora	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rorb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700925	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697392	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rimbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rbm18	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rbm27	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
polr3a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
polr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rabepk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rapgef1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694480	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701657	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rsu1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702504	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arhgap24	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arhgap26	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
skp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sdad1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691245	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
smyd4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712013	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sh3pxd2b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sh3bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
shc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
smad9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712236	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701219	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708765	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
steap2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
stard13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695066	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbc1d2b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbc1d31	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698758	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693154	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ticrr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
uri1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ush1c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
uvrag	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vps37b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vps41	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712474	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
washc5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707204	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wdr41	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wdr7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wwc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wnt11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702823	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709824	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693968	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
aicda	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
acsbg1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
acsl5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706142	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ap3b1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
add2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691271	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adar	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697636	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707801	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adgrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adgrd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705401	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698670	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695178	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710661	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
acer3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698823	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
apbb1ip	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ankib1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ankfn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ankrd22	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
anxa4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ano3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
armc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
armc10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
armc3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arsg	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
asphd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atrnl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atg5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709042	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bckdhb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
brd9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
creb5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cabin1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cpped1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711064	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694510	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698178	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cnn3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ctif	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ca14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cpa6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cpb1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cpxm2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cpvl	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cadm2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdca2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cep192	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698817	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chn2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chid1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
clcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chrnd	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708917	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cspg4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694405	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cfap53	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
clrn3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701121	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
clul1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cchcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccdc15	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccdc33	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698614	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102080227	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707007	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
colec12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cttnbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703716	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cul1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711179	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dap	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pdss1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dock1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dhdds	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dcakd	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dgat2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711659	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dpp6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dph2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dph7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707500	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam69c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dok6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711869	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704838	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695719	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dym	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705749	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dnm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dnali1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
entpd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
enpp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eloc	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
esm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ezh2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
erbin	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102079742	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
epb41l4b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ehmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eef2k	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eva1c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
exoc6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam107b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam171a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam234a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709778	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698078	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fech	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fbln1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709839	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gsdme	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gsn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
glp2r	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691717	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
glt1d1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam198a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
golph3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
golga1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
golga3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
helq	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701827	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
homer1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hunk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
has2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702909	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ica1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711386	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706111	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703633	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kif13a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kif19	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lama1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrrc20	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692025	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707965	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701077	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrriq1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lmbr1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lmf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
loxhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ldlrad3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ldlrad4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702251	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691565	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
laptm4b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702891	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699679	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mroh1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mdh2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102078105	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
med13l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
meox2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695036	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
map6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mast4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
micu2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mtpap	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mrpl10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mrpl22	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mrps18c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mrrf	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
map3k8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696249	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mfhas1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704440	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709000	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
myocd	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711626	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
myom1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
myo5b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
myo5c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
myrip	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703358	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nrap	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707450	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ntng1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nrsn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692199	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nln	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708883	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nfrkb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
narf	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ncoa2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nr2c1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nr6a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nom1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nup214	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
olfm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
olfm3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
oscp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702647	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
osbpl3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
osbpl7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701954	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pappa	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
parvb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pamr1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699274	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709692	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fars2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pign	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pigo	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pigp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692427	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prex2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pik3c2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698290	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pip4k2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709544	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pde6c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pde7a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pde8b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lhpp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697616	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC106097889	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plgrkt	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plekhg7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plekhs1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693428	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102082577	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pkd1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711410	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC109194205	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709539	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kcnj6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701993	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700816	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prpf18	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
proser1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696694	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
parm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pomp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700740	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702285	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC112841884	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptpn13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptpn5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptpre	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptprq	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697171	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pus7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rreb1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
reep3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ripk4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rims2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rgs22	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rgs9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rai14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
reck	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rxylt1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699889	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rpl7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rnf115	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rnf157	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702022	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
scamp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sema3a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sema3e	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sema4d	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
stk10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
shisa9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
stra6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696391	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
snapc4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697562	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc15a4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701067	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709187	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc35f2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc39a12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703266	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703983	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699559	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710487	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692622	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702061	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691516	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slco5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706568	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704453	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sf3a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sfswap	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
skap1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
star	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696185	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
smchd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sulf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
svil	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
socs6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694717	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710649	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tln2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tshz1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tectb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695146	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tet3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tspan18	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ttc3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tdg	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
themis2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tg	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trak1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tcerg1l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tcf4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705177	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trrap	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbrg4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695568	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701681	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694244	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702008	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem108	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem117	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem132c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697685	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem135	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem45b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem94	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmprss15	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700727	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trim44	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trim55	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbca	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695331	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ttll11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ubl3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
usp25	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
usp3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698253	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697801	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ulk4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
umodl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vav3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vti1a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vkorc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vwde	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
xylb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zc3h18	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699813	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zdhhc6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zzef1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zfat	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zbtb16	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zbtb20	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zbtb21	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zfhx4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf407	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf423	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf438	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf532	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zfpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zhx2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
agpat3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
agpat4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
agpat5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pxylp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695448	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hmgcll1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hacd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703495	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712125	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arfgap3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arl15	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
afg1l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691095	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707199	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arid4b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
abca12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atpaf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698342	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693204	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
btaf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bcl9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bicra	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
btbd9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bicc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccm2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cnot6l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cd2ap	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698544	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704880	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cop1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cwc22	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cwf19l2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707368	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
depdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pole	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
polk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prim2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dop1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693271	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dnajc9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
efhc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eaf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
elovl5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
elovl7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
enah	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
epha7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692599	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eya4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fbxl17	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam3c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fat3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
frmd3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690924	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fli1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC109204437	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710903	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gpr176	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gpr39	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702079	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gpatch2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gmds	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gen1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gle1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gramd2b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gtpbp8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
heatr5b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
herc4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ino80	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
iqgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kank1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
limk2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrrfip2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693564	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707473	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705478	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mia3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mindy4b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mllt1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690952	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
msantd4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706760	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gnptab	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
naxd	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ndufaf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ndufa5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nox4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nbas	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nck2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nek3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nsl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700376	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
parpbp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
paxip1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pbk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
phf21b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pinx1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prdm4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prdm6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ppfia2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pcp4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rabgap1l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rab10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rab11fip2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rab15	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691311	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rab20	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rab3c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rap1gap2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rasgrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ralb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697269	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rbm19	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rngtt	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rapgef4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rassf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rasgrf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arhgap15	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102081671	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arhgef12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
srbd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sash1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
samsn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697268	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sestd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sec22a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sertad2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sh3bp4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692432	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sdccag8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sidt2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sik3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slx4ip	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sphkap	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
supt3h	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
scaf11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
st3gal4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
st6gal2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
st8sia1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
stil	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
smarcal1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbx15	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tarbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703628	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
taf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbc1d32	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbc1d4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
traf3ip1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ttll1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ubac2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
uxs1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
usp6nl	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vps8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wdfy3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wsb2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wdr27	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701658	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
yap1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694010	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
acss1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
acss3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710803	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ap1s3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ap3s1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709054	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693415	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ak4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705759	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ak8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ak9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
afdn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
aldh1l2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706096	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
agps	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
amdhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lg12h9orf3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
aplp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
apbb1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706610	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ankdd1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ankrd44	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ano6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rsrc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ate1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
armc9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705119	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692650	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nars2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
astn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atxn10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
axdnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690575	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bmp5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707807	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
brd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
creb3l2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cachd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
celsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711833	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
camkmt	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cad	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chst11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdon	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699154	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdc14a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdc45	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cemip2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693753	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cep295	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fgfr1op	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cep85l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cerkl	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cers6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699838	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700804	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
clns1a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chrm5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691234	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100689876	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lg13h10orf53	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lg17h12orf56	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cfap299	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cfap61	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691387	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100689849	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cldn14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cmss1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccdc146	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccdc172	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccdc25	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccdc6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
col8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697399	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
col24a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698351	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cobll1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708389	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698210	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cnnm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdk19	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cytip	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cpeb3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700465	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dapk1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dock8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dera	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698894	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100689795	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ddah1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dcbld2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
daam1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699640	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
disp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100534555	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dusp10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dusp16	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dnah7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wdr63	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dync2h1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698873	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dst	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
enox1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
epb41l2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
edrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
esco2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
etnk1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
exoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eri1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
xpo5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
xpot	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eys	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ezr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC106097129	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam124a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam135a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam163a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam167a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700510	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam204a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam81b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam83b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698773	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fer1l6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fgf14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fgf23	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fndc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102081076	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
foxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
foxn3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fnbp1l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fut8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gdap2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gtf2a1l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
grid2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
grik4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
glrx5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gys2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
glt8d2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gtdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gbf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
golm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
grem2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700383	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
grb14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gda	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gucy1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
heg1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hsf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hhat	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hs6st3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hpse2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hint1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701843	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ildr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ipo11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ivns1abp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrmp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itprip	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691170	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705971	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ints7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itga4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itga9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itgav	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itih5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ift172	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ift88	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706964	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
klhl29	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ksr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711011	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kntc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kremen1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lama2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102082489	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lats2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrmda	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrrc2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrrc7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrrc75a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrguk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrig3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lin7a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lin9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703178	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mkrn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
me3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
man1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
man1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mpped1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mtx2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mccc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mettl25	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695679	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102078747	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mcm10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mrpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mrpl19	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mrps23	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
map3k13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
map3k4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
map3k5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mcoln2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mctp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690653	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mlip	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mkln1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mypn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
myo3b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mybpc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mylk4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ngef	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ntf3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nostrin	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ncapd3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nfic	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ncoa1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nr5a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nup50	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693986	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
optn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
osbpl8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pak1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pak5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705818	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703847	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pappa2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102075629	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707296	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pcnx2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ppil3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
farsb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pebp4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plcxd3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pde1a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102082068	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pde9a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pikfyve	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690473	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plpp4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pkp4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pdgfd	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plekhg1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plekha2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plekhm3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705349	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plxna4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707536	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
parp4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
galnt13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
galnt17	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kctd10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kcnk13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kcnk18	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kcnab1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702324	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711396	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
penk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prr16	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
p4ha1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
p4ha3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698444	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pcca	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
psap	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
psmc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
psmd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
psme4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prkra	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pdia5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pdia6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pacsin2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prkg2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ppp1r12a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ppp1r13b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694131	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ppm1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ppm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptk2b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptpn14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptprk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptpro	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptprr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pus7l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pyroxd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
p2ry6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pgpep1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ror1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703854	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rgs7bp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rgs7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705572	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rrp12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rnf217	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rubcn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698776	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sgcg	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
scara5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701131	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sema5b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sema6a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
serac1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
srsf11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
serinc5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sptlc3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
srrm4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
stk17b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691726	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
stk39	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
srf	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sprn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
shtn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sdr16c5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sipa1l2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sipa1l3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697378	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ssbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nalcn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698560	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc12a8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc13a4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc17a5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102077656	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc2a13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc20a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704647	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc25a16	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc35f1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc35f3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc38a11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706809	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692075	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705785	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711848	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707634	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
spef2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sgms1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
stab2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
snd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
syndig1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
stxbp5l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699514	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sncaip	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691054	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
txlnb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708293	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700685	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tut4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tex36	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ttc14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ttc27	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trip12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
l3hypdh	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tfdp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708147	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708175	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tram2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmtc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem68	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmeff2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tnpo3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
treh	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tgs1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trim36	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tysnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tdrd5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tp53bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC106096811	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ubr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ube3b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
usp15	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
usp32	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
usp39	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
unc45b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
unc5b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ulk2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ust	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vps13a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
veph1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vsx1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vit	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vwa8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vwc2l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ypel1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znhit6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zmym2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf142	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf148	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708019	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704522	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf410	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
akap9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
alms1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
abcb8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atp5if1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atp10d	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atp9a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ahi1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
acap1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
babam2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
commd7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
commd8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
csmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691715	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dcaf5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dhx35	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692522	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dhx30	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dis3l2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dlgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
poln	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dnajc8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fbxo3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fggy	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
frem1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
faf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712229	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gnal	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gng7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gigyf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
haus6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700180	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
jkamp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
krit1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700729	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703193	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lypd6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711419	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
larp4b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711270	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695091	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694205	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mnat1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mtss1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
n6amt1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
naaladl2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nwd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nwd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nadk	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705427	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nab1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nme7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nsun2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
patj	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
phlpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
plagl2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prdm16	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prdm5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pink1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sfxn5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rab31	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708038	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rell1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rbpms	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rnmt	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rpap1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rtf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rabggtb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ralgapa1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692884	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102082458	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692670	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arhgef10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arhgef11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
scyl3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sec23a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sec24d	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sh3tc1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sh3rf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
shprh	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
spo11	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
st18	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
st3gal3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
st6galnac3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
st6galnac5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
steap3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692553	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693961	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sap130	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbc1d14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbc1d22b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tbc1d5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706341	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tiam2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695663	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
yeats2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adi1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ablim2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
acbd6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702233	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ap3d1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
adcy8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ak5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
agmat	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC109194280	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
aox1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
als2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
amph	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
agl	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ankrd12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
arel1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
aqr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rere	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
atrn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708067	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
bcas1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100689902	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
baz1a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710572	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708854	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697324	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cacna1d	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702145	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cacna1s	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695450	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ca6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
caap1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ctnnbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdca5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
wisp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cenpo	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cep350	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
clic4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
clcn6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692189	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
chrng	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102080851	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703394	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccdc39	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccdc13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ccdc178	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695844	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
csde1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697625	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
col25a1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
c8a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cfi	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdk5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cdkl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704430	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cars2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cmpk2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
clasp2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dad1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708378	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dclk3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dnm3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dnah12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dnai2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dysf	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dtna	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
egln3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102078517	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eepd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kiaa1324	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695618	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ect2l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100689759	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eef2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eif2ak3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eif2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
eif4e2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
exd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706767	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fam151a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC109194170	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699012	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fsip1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
focad	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC106098048	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698815	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695744	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
erich3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
enpep	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pygl	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
cga	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
gpnmb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712454	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hsf2bp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hfm1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hs2st1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707002	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690188	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691799	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hook1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704490	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709853	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
inpp5d	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
igf2bp3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ints8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
itgb8	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102078936	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
jph2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
klhl14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ktn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kif1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710319	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kynu	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kyat3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ky	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711379	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrfn5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrrc39	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lrrc74a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
lin52	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711622	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100700997	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
magoh	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mdh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
man2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709960	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mtor	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709574	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mep1b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
metap1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mgst3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709545	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mapre2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mipol1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706582	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mterf1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
map3k9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
mef2b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711408	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
myo10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nelfa	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nphp4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nedd9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nmu	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
npas3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nexn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nmnat1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nmnat2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nin	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nfatc2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ncoa6	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nr2c2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nup210	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
nupl2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
obscn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699730	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
osbpl10	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712257	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pax9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709239	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pcnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707212	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pxdn	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pex14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pex5l	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prex1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pde5a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702997	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pacs1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699552	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pag1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pfas	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708466	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
galnt16	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kctd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
kcnq3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pdcd6ip	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
p3h2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
psmb4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pofut1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pkn2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ppm1a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pcmtd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
pum1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102082014	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rgl1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rcan1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rmnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rtn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rtn4ip1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
retreg1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rbks	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rpia	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696873	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
rnf220	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
scfd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
scfd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698551	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
scly	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
dusp27	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102080396	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
srp54	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ssr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703237	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706083	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc2a5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc25a13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc25a21	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705019	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc44a5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
slc8a3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
snx13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sall4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sptbn5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692856	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
spsb1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701786	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sf3a2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
samd12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sbno2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
smc5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
svep1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
synj2bp	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
syt14	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706927	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708515	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
sntg1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trit1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tec	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tnr	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ttc29	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tpo	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tor3a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trappc12	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trappc9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tceanc2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tada2b	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tomm7	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmco4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem131	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697782	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem59	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem63c	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmem9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tmprss9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
trim9	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tubgcp3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tpd52	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
ubr4	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
usp13	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vps13d	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
vwa5b1	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zeb2	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zfyve26	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zfyve28	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zranb3	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zswim5	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
zbtb8a	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
znf106	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698146	GAD_DISEASE:Tobacco Use Disorder
hoga1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
adamts6	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100693377	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
cmip	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
dbx1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100694977	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100694718	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
kifc3	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100707779	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
ppid	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
ppm1k	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
pdxdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100697078	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
slc7a6	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
slc7a9	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100693905	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100696335	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
tat	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
adamts16	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
hps5	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100708145	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100709824	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100701752	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
lactb	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100704335	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
slc6a20	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
unc119b	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100691095	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
bicc1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
rev3l	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
sfmbt2	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
nars2	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
chmp2b	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
wdr66	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
dip2a	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
dlx2	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100691607	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
ksr2	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
nmur1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
pebp4	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
phgdh	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
plekhg1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100704180	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100701261	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
pnpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
rps24	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
slc1a4	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
vgll3	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
alms1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100708930	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
phf23	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
spryd4	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
ajap1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
cacna1d	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
gpaa1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
ivd	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolism
atic	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100696871	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
arhgef3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
dhodh	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
dusp1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
lg7h5orf30	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
mmel1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
pax5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100693683	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
galnt18	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
psma4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
slc6a11	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100694452	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100697206	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100693700	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
mtrex	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
n4bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
pou3f1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100691064	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
etfa	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
rchy1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100696185	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
arid5b	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
agfg1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
ets1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100712416	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
phf19	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100704346	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
b3gnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
anxa3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
enox1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
fam167a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100708039	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
pde2a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
tnpo3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
lck	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
anapc4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100700289	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
LOC100691451	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
pld4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
rplp1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
rnf182	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
smim20	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid
atic	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
dhcr7	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100695379	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
barx1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
dennd1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
evc2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100696871	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
mapkap1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100703133	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
smad1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tbc1d2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
wnt4	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
wnt9b	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ahcy	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
aip	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
arnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
chl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100700844	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100694841	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
crispld2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fgf4	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fgf7	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100698613	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100692879	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
flnb	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fzd2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
hand2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100692094	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100697602	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100699578	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ikbke	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
mmel1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
mthfs	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100697662	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pdgfc	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100711670	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ror2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC102078408	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100707970	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
rpl12	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100690586	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
sptlc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100698207	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100697124	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
slc26a2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
slc7a11	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
sall1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
stx18	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
trmo	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100705731	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
bcl3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
bambi	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
eya1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100704692	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100696266	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
morn5	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100699860	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100708243	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100693777	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100693400	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100706053	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tbx1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100705918	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
asl	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ass1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100698783	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
col11a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100701380	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
cux2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
dmgdh	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100711981	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
egr3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100709151	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fzd10	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fzd8	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
golga1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
hsdl2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
irf9	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
mat2b	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100702352	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
mkx	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
msc	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100690391	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100690118	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100707450	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100710932	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
nr4a3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
nr6a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
osr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100701954	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pitx1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pappa	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pomt1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
rara	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
prss35	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
snx30	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
sall3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100696185	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
susd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100695146	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tfap2a	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ttll11	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
whrn	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100697547	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
barx2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
clptm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ephb3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fras1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
hic1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100690053	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
arhgap35	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
satb2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100691262	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tbx15	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tbx4	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100697174	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
wnt6	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
wnt7b	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
bmpr1b	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100703660	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
dlx1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
dlx2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fgf10	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fgf5	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100710946	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fst	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100698634	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
foxn3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
foxp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fzd4	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100694773	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100701982	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100705058	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100710579	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
kremen1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100695903	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100702918	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100706424	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pax3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
prrx1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pex7	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pipox	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ror1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
snx3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tcf21	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ufd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
dhcr24	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
alx3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
atr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
naxe	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
prdm16	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ski	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
sox1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
wnt3a	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100695663	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100696265	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
amt	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
cct3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
chdh	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100691430	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
dvl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
dlx5	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
dlx6	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100708054	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC109194170	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100700789	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ftcd	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
gnmt	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100696153	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pax9	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100692939	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100691229	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
gart	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100694194	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
ryk	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
sumo1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
snai2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
slc25a13	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
sall4	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
LOC100706927	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
zeb2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
atic	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Psoriasis
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Psoriasis
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Psoriasis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Psoriasis
atic	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
dnmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100700725	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
ahcy	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
carm1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
mthfs	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
prmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
alx1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
coq3	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
mat2b	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100702352	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
sardh	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
trdmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
tfap2a	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
amd1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100710946	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
gamt	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100702918	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
prmt2	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
pcmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
rnmt	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
amt	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
ftcd	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
gnmt	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
icmt	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
gart	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Dysraphism
atic	GAD_DISEASE:folate, erythrocyte homocysteine thromboembolism, venous
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:folate, erythrocyte homocysteine thromboembolism, venous
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:folate, erythrocyte homocysteine thromboembolism, venous
atic	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate efficacy
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate efficacy
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate efficacy
atic	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate toxicity
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate toxicity
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate toxicity
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate toxicity
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate toxicity
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate toxicity
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate toxicity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate toxicity
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate toxicity
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:methotrexate toxicity
atic	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
ara	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
aspn	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
mtnr1a	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC102076104	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100692760	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100694706	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
ptpn6	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
sall3	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
rel	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
tab2	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
exoc4	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
fam167a	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
fstl1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
itgav	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
plat	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
lck	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
exoc5	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
nrm	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100696811	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC102077312	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
foxp1	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
itga11	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
mmp24	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
nfil3	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
reep5	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
slc6a1	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100696335	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100712391	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100711398	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC102077381	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
creb5	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100699377	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
dnm1	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
has3	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
man2a2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
map1b	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100696490	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100694161	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC112841884	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100710649	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
th	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
supt3h	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
ak8	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
cfap43	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
clybl	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
hes1	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
ntf3	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
naprt	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
unc5b	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100705275	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
csmd2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
cfap221	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100700415	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
id2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
sts	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
adam19	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100691689	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
atp4b	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
cd276	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
fat1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
gnl3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
gpalpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100697603	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
nek4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
smyd3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
slitrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100694649	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
tox3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100706281	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
adm	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
arnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100710835	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100705613	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100702665	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
cgnl1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
dpy19l3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
fzd2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
gria2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100700221	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100690686	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
kiaa0355	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
hspa4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
nr1d1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
olfml3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
palb2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
pi4k2b	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
plcg2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100704721	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
syn2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100704677	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
tmem98	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
vamp3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
vgll4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
adamts14	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
cmtm8	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
garnl3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
rora	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
rorb	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100701657	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100706053	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
washc4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100709824	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
bpgm	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
cux2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
dusp6	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
fbln1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100708037	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100696649	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
grik5	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100706563	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
kif13a	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100701135	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
map3k8	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100704440	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
pip4k2a	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
kcnj6	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
ptprq	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
rfx4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
spr	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100690581	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100705177	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
tbcc	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
vipr1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100699312	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
whrn	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
zmat4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
atp6v1e1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
fancl	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
mdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100701682	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
pdlim5	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
vrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
wscd2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
atf2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
mgat4a	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
asb1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100695440	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100711833	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
camkmt	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100697399	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
dmtf1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100693926	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
xpo4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
foxo3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100693476	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
grik4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
ints7	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
lamp3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
march5	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
mtx2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
msrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
mctp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
nxn	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
ptrhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100704767	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
ror1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100691726	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
siae	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
nalcn	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
slc39a3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
trpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100692262	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100694151	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
ctdp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
gnal	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
ndufv2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
napg	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
rasgrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
scaf8	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
sp4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
thoc1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
tiam2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
uhmk1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
vapa	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100693354	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
amph	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
cacnb3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
cdc25b	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
cenpo	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
clspn	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100704430	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100534513	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
mppe1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100695628	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
pard6b	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
psmb2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100709065	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
rprd1b	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
tent4a	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
tdrd9	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
zcchc3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
atp10b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
bcdin3d	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
lrba	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
rab28	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100703081	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
sfmbt1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100690481	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
aga	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
atxn7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
cenpm	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
cep112	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
clcn7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100707016	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100704422	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
fgf19	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100690411	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
helz	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC102076518	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
kif18a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
lgsn	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100692423	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
map2k4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100698076	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100705319	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
sez6l2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
smc2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tent4b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
thsd4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
usp34	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
zcchc14	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
adam22	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
adamts14	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
atp8a2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100693700	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
bmper	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
erc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
eps8l2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ehf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100698083	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
rapgef1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
rassf6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100694480	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
scaper	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100693400	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
uvrag	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
wasf3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
wdr70	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
apbb1ip	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
atrnl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
bpgm	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
cfap44	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100704872	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
dock1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
fam69c	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
wdr60	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100706356	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100704141	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ldlrad4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
myrf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100707947	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nup93	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
onecut2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
pald1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100689719	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
kcmf1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
pdhx	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
rcn2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100699487	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100710649	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100705177	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tmem117	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tpbg	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
znf407	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nt5dc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
arl15	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
alkal2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
abcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100711773	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
btbd3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
dnajc6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
gpr176	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
gzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
lhfpl6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100708975	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100699246	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ndufaf2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nmd3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
pdlim1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
rbm19	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
arhgap15	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
samsn1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
sphkap	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tpd52l1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ascl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
astn1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
atg4c	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
bmp5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100693549	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ctsc	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
cep120	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
lg14h3orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
col10a1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
cand1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
exoc4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
fabp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
fgf14	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
fhl2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100702792	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
itgbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
lama2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
lrpprc	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
mdn1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
mrpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
mtif3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
mctp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
myo1b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
myo3b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ntf3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nr5a2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
pak5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
pgbd5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
plekha5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
pnpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100702324	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
pawr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
pacsin2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ppp1r37	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ppp4r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
sptssb	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
sprn	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
lg12h9orf84	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
slc30a1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
slc33a1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
slc35a5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
slc37a1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
spef2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
stpg4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tns1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100694590	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tmtc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tdrd5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
vwa8	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
akap6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
asap2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ddo	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
frmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100697412	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
lrp12	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100711419	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
rab3gap2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100707983	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100707650	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
smoc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100699250	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
anapc4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
cdc7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100704430	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
dthd1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100706816	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
mettl21a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nfib	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
nr2c2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100704256	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
scfd2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
slc24a2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tent4a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tex261	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100690141	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100707859	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100694732	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
tmem81	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
arap3	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
cyld	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
grk3	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
dchs2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100699346	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
inpp4b	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
klhdc4	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
melk	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
mmd	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
rnf150	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
stx8	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
tlnrd1	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
arl5b	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
lhx5	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
lyrm4	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
pou6f2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
stard13	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
vps41	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ano3	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100704838	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
loxhd1	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ldlrad4	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
sppl3	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
snx29	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100701681	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
tbca	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ulk4	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100693789	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
bcl7b	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ccm2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
epha4	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100705999	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100700263	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
prdm10	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
six2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ascl1	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ano6	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
dner	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
fem1c	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ivns1abp	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100711011	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
me3	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
p4ha3	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ttc21b	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100691715	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
lrp12	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
rab3gap2	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
ap3d1	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC106098048	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100707418	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
erich3	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
leprot	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
mgll	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
npy	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
kcnq3	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:C-Reactive Protein
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
aff2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
cxxc4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100697672	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC102078767	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100691616	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100690221	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
kiaa1328	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100701197	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100696871	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
naa25	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
nkap	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
nuf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
phf20	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
rbm26	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100693148	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
vapb	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
wnt9b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
abhd17c	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
afap1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100694722	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100695160	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
baz2b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
clnk	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ciao2a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100691522	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
diaph2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
eda	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
bbox1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
hnrnpd	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mrvi1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
itgb6	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100702599	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100693416	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
melk	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mtap	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100698303	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mtmr7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
nudt6	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100695535	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pla2r1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100696074	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100711684	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pcdh19	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100693785	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
rnf150	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
spcs3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
sumf1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707936	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
cdc42ep5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ddx52	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
lyrm4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mindy3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
msl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
npc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100701166	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pdlim4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pou6f2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ppfibp1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
relch	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100697392	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100709723	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100706321	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707098	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100694309	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100705918	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ticrr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
uvrag	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ythdf3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100698126	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100691064	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
crispld1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
eea1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
foxb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
gsdme	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
gpat3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100705927	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
hand1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mast4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
musk	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
nxnl2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pamr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100696518	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pomgnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100711602	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
rims2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100696427	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100705672	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100711474	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100690729	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
sybu	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
stxbp4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
tex47	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100692475	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
trpa1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
tmem108	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ubr5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100712125	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
adamts3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100711773	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
cnot6l	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ddx1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
polb	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
frmd3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
fkbp7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
gpr85	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
gfral	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
lmo3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
naa35	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100701682	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pdlim5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
rev1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
riok2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
slx4ip	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ssx2ip	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
st3gal4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
smarcad1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100702161	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
wdfy1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
atf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100693415	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100690575	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707182	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100711833	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
camkmt	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
cep68	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
lg15h1orf131	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
cpsf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
col24a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
dcbld2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
epb41l2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
fam163a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
fstl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
frk	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
igsf11	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
lrmp	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100695542	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
klhl29	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ksr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mrps33	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pikfyve	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pnpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ptprk	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
phtf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ror1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
rgs7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
sema3c	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
scube1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100697378	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ssh1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
slc16a10	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
snd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100704500	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ttf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
vezt	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
zbtb18	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100704522	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100694365	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
bcl6b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
bet1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
larp7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC102077663	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ndfip2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC109194311	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
rtf1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
sugp1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
abra	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
aadat	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100693591	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
casz1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
kiaa1324	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100703939	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
gpd2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
hspa4l	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
kynu	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
lrrc3b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100711622	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
maco1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100709960	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
med6	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mbd5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mapre2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mrpl3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
map3k2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
mylip	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pde5a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
galnt12	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pdcd6ip	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
rpa3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
scfd2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
slc10a7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
ttc34	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
tfcp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100700668	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
zeb2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
zyg11b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, LDL
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
htr2b	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
aff2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100709700	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
edem1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC102078767	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
fat1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100691616	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC102082678	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
meak7	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
srgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
spock3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
sox10	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
tamm41	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ythdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
zic3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
baz2b	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100707064	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ccdc66	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
clnk	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
dkk2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100696536	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
eprs	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
glrb	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
hdac11	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100704034	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100708390	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
rnf111	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
sptlc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
smc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
tacr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
tmem41b	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
arl5b	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100704398	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
insc	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
met	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
mindy3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100702504	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100693400	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
stard13	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100698758	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100704495	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
afap1l2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
aass	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100698178	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cpa6	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cep162	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
lg7h12orf75	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100701568	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cttnbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
dpy19l1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
esm1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
fam107b	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100698078	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
gsdme	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
mkx	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
myocd	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
plgrkt	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100701993	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
plod2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
pomgnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ppme1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
svip	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
slc46a2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100708656	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
trdmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
tecta	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
tekt3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100705177	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100694244	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
zfpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
abi3bp	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
bcl9	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
btbd3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
c2cd3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100698862	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cd2ap	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ddx1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
fbxl17	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ino80	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
lhfpl6	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
lmo3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
pitpnm3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ppfia2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC102081671	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100702161	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
tarbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
tbc1d8	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
vtcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
acp6	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ankrd44	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
atoh1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100690575	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cask	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
chrd	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cpsf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100697399	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
col24a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
csrnp3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
dync2h1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100700510	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
fstl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
knl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
lin7a	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
lnpk	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
msrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
mkln1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
nup37	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
pth2r	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100704951	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
kcnk12	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
prkg2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ppp4r4	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
sept10	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
sipa1l2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
slc2a13	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
sucla2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
sncaip	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100695257	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
tmem200a	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100691715	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100692494	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
frem1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
lrp12	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
msantd1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100693614	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100692684	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100707650	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
st18	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
wdr25	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ajap1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
aadat	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
anapc4	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cacna1d	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100702145	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
clcn3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
cpeb2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
fam135b	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC102077712	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
fsip1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100693228	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ift57	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
jam2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100711379	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
magoh	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
mad2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
kcnh8	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
pgrmc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
pdcd6ip	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
psmb2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
pkn2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
smc5	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
sntg2	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
trmt44	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ttc29	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
tmem9	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
ubp1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100704314	GAD_DISEASE:Hip
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
adam19	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
gstcd	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
ints12	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
npnt	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
LOC100694706	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
pid1	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
cdc6	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
gstcd	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
keap1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100702935	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
thsd4	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100702556	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
flcn	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
ireb2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100706225	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
hykk	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
tns1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
trpv4	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
cdyl	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
adam19	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
atp10b	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100700973	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
edem1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
nuf2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
acad9	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
adra1d	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
atxn7	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
cast	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC102082064	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
lg6h4orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
ccdc174	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
dkk2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
eif4enif1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
fam120b	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
gstcd	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
insyn1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
ints12	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
mmp15	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
mfap2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100698303	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
prom1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
psma4	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100707137	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
pcdh19	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100698564	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
spcs3	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
slc27a6	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100694047	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
syk	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100708550	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
sdhaf2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100702345	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tenm3	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
thsd4	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tll1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
trpm7	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
znf277	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
btg3	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
fcho2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
nedd4l	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
pdzd2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100709943	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
atrnl1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
cadm2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
cfdp1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
dck	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
dusp4	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100698078	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
gemin5	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
lpar1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
ptchd1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100709692	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
phex	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
kcnj6	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100697171	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
prss35	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100701814	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100710649	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tekt3	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100692001	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
whrn	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
zw10	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
cdc42ep3	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
ddx1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
efhc1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
khdrbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
ppfia2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100697803	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tnfrsf21	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100709054	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
adgrl4	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
asb1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100704542	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
ankrd44	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
armc2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100699154	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
dyrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
hsf2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
ivns1abp	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
lrmda	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
map10	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
mast2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
pax3	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
pdia6	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
ppp1r14c	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
serinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100697378	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100707634	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tns1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tent5c	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tmem200a	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
mis18bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
adcy8	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
kiaa1211	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100694327	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
dmac1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
focad	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC106098048	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100707002	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
jam2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
kyat3	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
leprot	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
m1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
pkn2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
slc38a6	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
sntg1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tpo	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
tmem196	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
trim71	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100700668	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
zfyve28	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Function Tests
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue Plasminogen Activator
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue Plasminogen Activator
yae1	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue Plasminogen Activator
LOC100707947	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue Plasminogen Activator
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue Plasminogen Activator
ccdc146	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue Plasminogen Activator
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue Plasminogen Activator
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue Plasminogen Activator
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue Plasminogen Activator
slc39a8	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue Plasminogen Activator
tyw3	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue Plasminogen Activator
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
fam234b	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
LOC100704034	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
pld5	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
LOC100698512	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
LOC100707972	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
LOC100707272	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
trdmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
samsn1	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
bphl	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
ivns1abp	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
ptprk	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
LOC100699514	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
arsj	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
LOC100698647	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Urinalysis
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100690332	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100710835	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
camk2b	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100696615	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100693455	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
gria2	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100708712	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100700221	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
hrh1	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
hdc	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100704341	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100693903	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
scap	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100707972	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100697557	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100690133	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100696649	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100691717	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100700659	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
insig1	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
rgs9	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
th	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
zdhhc8	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
htr2b	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
chrm5	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100689876	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100711430	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
slc18a1	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
ache	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100699420	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100692877	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100700186	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
syt4	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC102077312	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
slc6a1	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
hes1	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100689766	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
ntf3	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100700952	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder behavior disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder behavior disorder
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder behavior disorder
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
aktip	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
fat1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100694598	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
grk3	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
hmgxb4	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100706109	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100703692	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100702665	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100696615	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100693455	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
drp2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
inpp1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
nr1d1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100712358	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
alg9	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
rora	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100693968	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
ace	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
bhlhe41	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
crh	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100703716	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100693278	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
nts	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
pla2g1b	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100695866	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
rfx4	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
synj1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
th	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100695440	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
chrm5	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100691234	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100689876	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
lamp3	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
ntf3	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
pi4ka	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
penk	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100698444	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
slc18a1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
trpm2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
vwa8	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
gnal	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
ndufv2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
napg	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100707896	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100699420	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100692189	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
plcg1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
tdrd9	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
ace	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
htr2b	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
f5	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:migraine 
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
b9d2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
acads	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
ara	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
comt	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
etfdh	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100702483	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
hprt1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100695063	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
nat9	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
add1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
alad	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
ace	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
enosf1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100700659	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100701529	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
th	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
fam3c	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
pknox1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
rel	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
relb	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
agt	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100707807	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
f5	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
gp1bb	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
gmps	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100705572	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
ret	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
sptlc3	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100711669	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
atp10d	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
rela	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
rap1gds1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100707896	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100698696	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100693121	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
gpx2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
impdh2	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
p53	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
usp46	GAD_DISEASE:normal variation
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
adam19	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
arhgef38	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
gstcd	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
ints12	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
npnt	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
thsd4	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
LOC100694706	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
tns1	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
LOC100694327	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function
LOC100691272	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100703055	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
grk3	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100697603	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
sltm	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
adra1d	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
aanat	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100704700	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100696615	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
cntn2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
cntnap1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
dlg3	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
egf	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100710389	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gria2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100708712	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100700221	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
glra1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100690411	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
glrb	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gnrh2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
ghrh	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
homer2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
inpp1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100698076	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100702995	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
neurod2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100702181	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
plcg2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
pick1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100690586	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100704341	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100693903	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
slc6a1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
slc6a11	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
slc6a5	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100699319	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
tacr2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
cript	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
adora2b	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100695178	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
calcb	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
chrnd	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
crh	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gal	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100708037	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
grp	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100697557	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100690133	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100691717	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
grik5	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100701694	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
homer1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100710932	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100707947	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100708883	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
nts	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
plcd1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100708685	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
preb	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
reln	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100710487	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100692475	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
vipr1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
htr2b	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
rapgef4	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
arhgap35	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
agt	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100708704	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
astn1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
chrm5	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100691234	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100699159	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100693476	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
grik4	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
glra2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
hcrtr2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
nppc	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
ntf3	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
plcd4	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100705349	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
penk	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100693660	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
slc1a4	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
snap29	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
tfip11	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
ucn	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
akap9	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100710985	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100711419	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
nsun4	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100707896	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
ache	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
ada	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100707194	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100692189	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
chrng	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100698045	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100710500	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gabrd	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100534513	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100706545	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
npr1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
npy	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
ntsr1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
plcg1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100699552	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100704279	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
slc6a9	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
snap23	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100706927	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC102082036	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
trh	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
LOC100698085	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
vipr2	GAD_DISEASE:several psychiatric disorders
dhcr7	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
dhcr24	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Obstetric Labor, Premature
dhcr7	GAD_DISEASE:Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome
dhcr7	GAD_DISEASE:Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome
dhcr7	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D Deficiency
LOC100695816	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D Deficiency
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D Deficiency
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D Deficiency
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
gpr101	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100698697	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
smyd3	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
shank2	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
spock1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
cdh8	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
fah	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100700221	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
irx3	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
kif21b	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100692407	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100693785	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
tubg1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
asap1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100705935	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100704398	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100711330	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
kiaa1958	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
pof1b	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100707204	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100701393	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
cep192	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
lg7h12orf75	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100703716	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
fam107b	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
golga1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
hsdl2	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100699779	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100692904	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
prex2	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
prr5l	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100696427	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
shisa9	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100710487	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
tmprss15	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
zbtb14	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
bcas3	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
acss3	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
arglu1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
cct2	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
dnah7	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
grid2	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
ipo11	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
map3k21	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
nr5a2	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
psat1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100702324	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
prox1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
sesn1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
slc37a1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
znrf3	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100710029	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100701150	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
dysf	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC106098048	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
lnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100701700	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100701605	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
LOC100700616	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
rnf220	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
stk3	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
syt14	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Creatinine
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease
LOC100707347	GAD_DISEASE:Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
atp8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
cisd2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100701961	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100695017	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
mindy2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
rab22a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
rbm47	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
rhobtb3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
spock1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
fah	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
pcdh20	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100698564	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
srl	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100697078	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100693456	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
trappc11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100694779	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
asap1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
lhx5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
malrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100694611	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
sap30l	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC102081275	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100697507	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
dap	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
dhrs11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
fam163b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
hand1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
irf7	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100696254	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
mrpl15	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
myo5b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100708685	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
svil	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
sntb1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
tmem132c	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
bcas3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
bcl9l	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
cdc42ep3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
mdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
ppfia2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100704092	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
arglu1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
armc2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
chst11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100693327	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100702638	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
ror1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100693734	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
ttc12	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
tmeff2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100691715	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
mis18bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
vrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
ajap1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
adgra3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100698898	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
manba	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100701786	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
ttc39a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
gpr101	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
kif21b	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
asap1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC100705935	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
dlgap5	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
pof1b	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC100707255	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
cfap58	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
fam107b	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
ntng1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC100692432	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
arglu1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
dnah7	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
lgr5	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC100702324	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
sesn1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
slc4a4	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
znrf3	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC106098048	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
lnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
LOC100701700	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
psmb2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
pkn2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
rnf220	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
syt14	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerular Filtration Rate
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100693062	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100709858	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100689844	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
crtc3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ddx55	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100711553	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
eri2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100703880	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
flii	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100705055	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
nmt1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ndufb7	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
rab28	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
polr3f	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100700177	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ythdc2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
arpc1a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
atg7	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100704449	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
lg5h3orf18	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100709264	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ccdc134	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
cog4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
dnal1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
erp27	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
egf	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
exosc3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
fnta	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
gosr2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
grtp1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
hgs	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100711365	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC102082791	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
kat2a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100707211	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
kmt5b	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
mkrn2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
med28	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
med7	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
mnd1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
nup133	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
nup160	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
nup85	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100697944	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100701844	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
rims4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
stk19	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
spcs3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
sptan1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100697102	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tcp11l1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100704439	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
timm8a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tmed2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC102083309	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
dhx33	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100698874	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100704067	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
gapvd1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
heatr1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100696985	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
mos	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
prdm14	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
rab6a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ranbp1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
polr3a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
rabepk	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
rapgef1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100707098	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
stt3a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
thoc2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
wdtc1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
mgat1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
atg12	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
cav2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
cspp1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
dok6	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
eif3h	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
fam76b	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
fhl3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
golph3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ighmbp2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
lars	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
lnx2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
nr0b2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
nup155	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ppib	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
psme2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100703211	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
rsl1d1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100709059	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tmem132c	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
trim55	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tubgcp6	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
hibch	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
agbl5	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
bcl9	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100711773	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ddx10	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ddx3x	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
dimt1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
efhc2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100699396	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
fbh1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
fbxo21	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
nf2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
phf3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
rab2a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100697145	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
arhgef12	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
sestd1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
sft2d1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100712260	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
vps53	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
alkbh8	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ankrd6	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
arglu1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
clns1a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
cog2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
cog3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
exosc5	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
gck	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100701843	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ints7	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
kbtbd7	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
kif3c	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ly6d	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
med14	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
med4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
mmadhc	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
mdn1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
nup107	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100705818	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
pigh	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
plekha3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100693546	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC102077771	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
pdia6	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
rnf26	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ssb	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
slc46a1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
spast	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tor2a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
trappc8	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tomm70	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tmtc1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100697675	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tmem181	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tnpo3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
vwc2l	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100691916	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
arf1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100697408	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ctdp1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
dcaf1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
depdc5	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
huwe1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
iqub	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ngly1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
otud3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100708038	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
rela	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
rgp1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
znrd1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100702305	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
stard3nl	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tiam2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
wnt1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ankrd9	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
bahd1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100690070	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ddost	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
dpm1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
dysf	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
eloa	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
gemin2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ikbkg	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
itpka	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100701695	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ktn1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
lrif1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
med6	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
nup153	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100698645	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
pigk	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100711435	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100697420	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
prkx	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
scfd1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
trmt5	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
trappc1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100705007	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ubqln4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
znf512b	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
lg5h3orf67	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
mindy2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
sltm	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
urb2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
acox1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
asb7	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
capn9	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
capzb	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
cfap100	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100694260	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
dkk2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
ell2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
hmmr	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
kif26b	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
lin7b	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
map2k4	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
prrc1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
scai	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
vgll4	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
atp2a3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100691736	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100696212	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
pds5b	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100690104	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100698126	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
ccbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100696919	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100707965	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
mboat1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
nsg2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
osbpl3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100697952	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
trak1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
trrap	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
ulk4	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
nt5dc1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
dnajc15	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
fat3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
flvcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
rbm19	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
sash1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
supt3h	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
vrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
wipf1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
agps	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100707807	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
fzd4	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
homer3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
itgbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
lama4	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
me3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
mtx2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC102078747	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
fam129a	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100705818	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
plcxd3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
kcnk3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
ptpn12	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
phtf2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
rnf217	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
eipr1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
ralgps2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100707650	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
sh3rf1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100699250	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
acbd6	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC102082242	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
ccdc88c	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100710713	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
kif1b	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
mindy2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
urb2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
asb7	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
capn9	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
capzb	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
helz	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100696388	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
prrc1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100693785	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
scai	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
tmem144	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100700105	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
vgll4	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100693207	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100690104	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
lg7h12orf75	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
gadl1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100707965	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
mboat1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
osbpl3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100697952	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
trrap	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100712348	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100698253	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
nt5dc1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
fbxl17	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100691904	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
lg12h9orf3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100707807	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100707182	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
lg15h1orf131	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
homer3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
fam129a	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
plcxd3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ptk2b	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
vwa8	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
eipr1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100699440	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
acbd6	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
bfsp2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
cacna1d	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
cldn20	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ccdc88c	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100705157	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
tsen15	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
ube2ql1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:Jacob-Creutzfeld disease
adam10	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
adar	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
LOC100712562	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
pggt1b	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
klc1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
LOC100700722	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol associated symptoms; alcoholism
adam19	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100706837	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ccr7	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC109202682	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100691519	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100697553	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100708296	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
wdhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
acaa1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
cntnap1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100711609	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC112846611	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
nudt6	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100692060	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
stk19	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100692331	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
slc2a11	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
socs4	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
tollip	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
tmco6	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
twf2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100708339	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100695800	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
dhx33	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100692393	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
scaf4	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
abhd16a	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
acad11	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
c1qbp	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
c6	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
c8g	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
c9	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ghr	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100708542	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
tram1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
twf1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
c1d	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100694109	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100711430	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100708039	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100697497	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
serpini1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100703776	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
def6	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ndufs2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100696501	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100698905	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
c8a	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
c8b	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100691382	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
adam19	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Wounds and Injuries
lrp4	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Wounds and Injuries
sp7	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Wounds and Injuries
lg4h17orf53	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Wounds and Injuries
sost	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Wounds and Injuries
mark3	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Wounds and Injuries
adam19	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100705049	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC102078767	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ndufb10	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
nedd4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
rasgef1c	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
smyd3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100696673	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ankrd11	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100696545	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
arnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cdh15	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100696615	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cpne7	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100712043	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cdk10	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
dclk2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
eefsec	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100691210	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100690686	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100705311	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
hs3st4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
mmp15	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100703837	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100693406	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
plac8	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100703625	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ppp1r1a	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100700825	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100698564	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
spcs3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100705308	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100709408	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
sycp1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
tll1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
trappc11	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
usp7	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
zbtb40	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100691671	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
bmper	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100705067	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cmtm7	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100705935	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
emc2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100706143	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
gpr12	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100700683	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
malrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100692393	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100701166	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
relch	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
rcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
arhgef28	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100693400	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
st8sia2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
stambpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100710634	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
wnt11	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
abhd5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100709824	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
arsg	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
upb1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
bin3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cabin1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ca12	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
dbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
eci2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
eomes	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
jade2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
mat2b	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ncs1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
nxnl2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
pappa	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
fars2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
pign	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100701990	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
plpp7	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
rhbdl1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
svip	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
sfswap	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
sdf2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
trpa1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
tpbg	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
usp3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC102080120	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100691931	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100695266	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100712125	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
bcl9l	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
btbd3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cdc42bpa	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100694928	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
eya4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
fig4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
gpr39	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
gpatch2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
iqsec3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
pou2af1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
prdm8	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
arhgap15	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
slitrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ahcyl2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
aasdhppt	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
appbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ano4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ate1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100712579	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cpm	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
lg17h1orf226	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cfap61	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cfap65	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cfap77	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
clu	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ccdc167	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
crnkl1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100701956	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
dock8	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
drgx	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
fgf14	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
foxn3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
grid2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100700383	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
hcfc2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100705058	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ifrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
lacc1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
lrig3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
lyst	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
map10	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
nxph2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
nvl	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100710064	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
pnpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ppp1r3c	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ppp4r3a	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ror1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100703854	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
serac1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
serpine3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
sipa1l3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
nalcn	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
slc35f1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100699514	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
tns1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
tmcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
tmem244	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100702043	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
frmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100697855	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100703527	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100703788	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
kiaa0040	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
tbc1d5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ubiad1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
aco1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ak5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100709980	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
fam135b	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
focad	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
erich3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
lclat1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
mtcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
nmnat2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
nfatc2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
pln	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100698647	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100705845	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
kcnq3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
scin	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
srfbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100710813	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100700835	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
strn3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
LOC100707988	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
ttc8	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
trappc9	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
trim33	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure
adam19	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100706837	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
ccr7	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC109202682	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100691519	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100697553	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100708296	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100704669	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
wdhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
acaa1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
cntnap1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100711609	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC112846611	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
nudt6	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100692060	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
stk19	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100692331	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
slc2a11	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
socs4	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
tollip	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
tmco6	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
twf2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100708339	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100695800	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
dhx33	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100692393	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
scaf4	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
abhd16a	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
acad11	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
c1qbp	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
c6	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
c8g	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
c9	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
ghr	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100708542	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
tram1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
twf1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
c1d	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100694109	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
rev1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100711430	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100708039	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100697497	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
serpini1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100703776	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
def6	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
ndufs2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100696501	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100698905	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
c8a	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
c8b	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100691382	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
adam19	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100698262	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
mrvi1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
paqr5	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
vat1l	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100691401	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100699626	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100707272	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
pomgnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100690581	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
smarcad1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
col4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
pgpep1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
rfx2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
nalcn	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100703385	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
nubpl	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
phf8	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100700149	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
LOC100705558	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Disorders
adam19	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
LOC100696207	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
cyld	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
LOC100691616	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
natd1	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
sgsh	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
galnt18	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
slc26a11	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
LOC100707627	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
znf330	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
LOC100706607	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
gapvd1	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
pbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
stard13	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
dnah5	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
LOC100704440	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
LOC100707450	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
rnf152	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
cacul1	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
LOC100707182	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
prkg2	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
borcs8	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
lg19h15orf41	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
eml5	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
cdyl	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
fip1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
lnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
mppe1	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
prkd1	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
rfxank	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
LOC100705558	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Potassium
adam19	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
atp2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100707702	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100693148	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
spock3	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
apbb2	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100695948	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
cmip	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC102082064	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
eif4e3	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
foxp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100698207	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
scai	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100702345	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
xylt2	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
pbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
st8sia5	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
vps41	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
ccna1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
gpat3	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
ldlrad4	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100704440	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
osbpl7	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
prex2	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
ptpn13	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100702434	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
tstd3	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
tg	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100697685	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
trim55	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
usp45	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
ulk4	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
abi3bp	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
adam9	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
agtpbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
fermt1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
khdrbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
kank4	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
fam84a	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100708975	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100706760	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100698798	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
best3	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
cdca7	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
cand1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
edar	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
eys	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
fign	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
gtf2h5	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
hip1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
farsb	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
phgdh	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
galnt13	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
sptlc2	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100692075	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
strn4	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
tmem229a	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
ust	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
prdm16	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
scaf8	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
vrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100701248	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
crtap	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
dthd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
degs2	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
dync1i1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
dysf	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100699012	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC102078936	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
mrpl35	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
nedd9	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100699552	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
galnt16	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
LOC100691808	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
stmnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
susd5	GAD_DISEASE:Tunica Media
adamts17	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100691689	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
arfrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100701096	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
dmxl2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
gna12	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
hmgxb3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100695847	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ntan1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rab28	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rab40c	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rest	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rapgef2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rmi2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
arhgef10l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
smyd3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
smurf1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
spock3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
sfmbt1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tead1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
vac14	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ythdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100699999	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cmip	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cdh22	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100534452	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ccdc40	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
crispld2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100704422	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ciao3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100700039	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100704516	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
gxylt2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
qser1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100706459	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
hdac11	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
hipk3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
igsf21	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100708734	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ippk	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100696606	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
kif26b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100707779	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100692407	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
magi1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mmaa	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mfap2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
map3k3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mmd	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
megf10	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100693785	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
pdxdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100705402	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
slc38a9	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
stc2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
sbno1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100708550	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100697470	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100705527	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100704828	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
vav1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100703873	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
zc3h11a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
znf507	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100694769	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
a1cf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
atp5f1a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
atp8b1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
bicral	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
bambi	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cript	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
polg	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100691603	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
eya1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
fam20a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100712180	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100693441	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
gcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
hace1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
lyrm4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100694611	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mindy3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100699860	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
prag1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
plag1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
pop1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
arhgap26	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
arhgef1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100711777	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100693400	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
scmh1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
wdr70	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
adck2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100706722	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
acbd4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
adgrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ankfn1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nars	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cpa6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
chchd7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
colq	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100704838	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
dym	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
wdr60	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
enpp2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100705583	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
homer1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100707272	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100689762	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ldlrad3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
meox1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mast4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
myocd	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
myom1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100705080	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
myo1d	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100705923	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
pitx1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
pappa	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100699274	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
fars2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
pigf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100709544	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ppcdc	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100711938	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC109194205	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
kcmf1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100709539	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100708685	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100699493	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100697171	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rgma	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rnf19a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
sergef	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100702644	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
shisa9	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC106096419	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
slc39a12	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100699467	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
sulf1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
svil	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100702979	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100690689	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100695568	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tmem135	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tmprss2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tpbg	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
th	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100698253	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
zfat	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
zfhx4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
znf407	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
znf438	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100695425	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
sssca1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
adamts3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100698862	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cdc42ep3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
commd10	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cops8	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
efr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ehbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
fli1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
git1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
lmo3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100699246	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nmi	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
parpbp	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
prdm6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
srbd1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
samsn1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
sh3bp4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
six2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
supt3h	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tnfaip6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
wsb1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
acss3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
acmsd	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ankrd6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cdc5l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
lg14h3orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100698351	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cryl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100702273	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
exoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100700510	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
fgf10	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100711181	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
foxn3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
golim4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
itgbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
itih5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
kndc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
lrmda	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
lrrc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
lrrc7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mme	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mtif3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mctp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100696178	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
myo3b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100696264	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nppc	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
neb	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nxph2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nfic	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nup35	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nup37	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
pak1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ppil6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC102083227	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
plekha5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
plek	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
pcsk5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
prkg2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ppp1r14c	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
qsox2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rsph3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
sfrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
sipa1l3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
slc2a13	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
slc33a1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
slc35a5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
slc35f3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tns1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tmed10	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100697675	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ttll2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ust	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
znf800	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
atp13a2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
bet1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cables1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
dis3l2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
dot1l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
dnajc27	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
frem1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
gipc2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
grpel1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
dhh	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC102079641	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mindy4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nkx2-1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ripor2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rnd3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
wwc3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100699250	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
atf7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ajap1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
bcas1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cbr4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cdca7l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cep63	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cs	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100697625	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
col4a5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
col4a6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
cyyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100698939	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
dmac1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
dnm3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
eif2ak3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC109194170	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
igf2bp3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
kynu	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mtcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
mpdz	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100705157	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nhej1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
galnt16	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
kcnq3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100691639	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100703104	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100694194	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rfc2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100696873	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
rplp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
srrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
stk3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100692845	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
slc13a3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
slc38a6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
slc39a9	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
spag17	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
trmt44	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tsen15	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
tent4a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
trip11	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
LOC100702414	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
ttll5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
vwa5b1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
zgpat	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
zbtb8a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
znf341	GAD_DISEASE:Body Height
adamts17	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC100691689	GAD_DISEASE:Height
atad5	GAD_DISEASE:Height
gna12	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC100692766	GAD_DISEASE:Height
coil	GAD_DISEASE:Height
crlf3	GAD_DISEASE:Height
dgke	GAD_DISEASE:Height
eif6	GAD_DISEASE:Height
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:Height
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC100708734	GAD_DISEASE:Height
lcorl	GAD_DISEASE:Height
mmp24	GAD_DISEASE:Height
ncapg	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC100704828	GAD_DISEASE:Height
hace1	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Height
mos	GAD_DISEASE:Height
plag1	GAD_DISEASE:Height
rbbp8	GAD_DISEASE:Height
scmh1	GAD_DISEASE:Height
anapc13	GAD_DISEASE:Height
bves	GAD_DISEASE:Height
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:Height
chchd7	GAD_DISEASE:Height
dym	GAD_DISEASE:Height
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:Height
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:Height
popdc3	GAD_DISEASE:Height
rps20	GAD_DISEASE:Height
tmem241	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC100712348	GAD_DISEASE:Height
zfhx4	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC100695425	GAD_DISEASE:Height
bcas3	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC100698862	GAD_DISEASE:Height
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:Height
fev	GAD_DISEASE:Height
tbx2	GAD_DISEASE:Height
tbx4	GAD_DISEASE:Height
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:Height
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Height
cpsf2	GAD_DISEASE:Height
cryba2	GAD_DISEASE:Height
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:Height
mrpl42	GAD_DISEASE:Height
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Height
pnpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Height
penk	GAD_DISEASE:Height
sdr16c5	GAD_DISEASE:Height
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:Height
tmed10	GAD_DISEASE:Height
tgs1	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC112841648	GAD_DISEASE:Height
cables1	GAD_DISEASE:Height
def6	GAD_DISEASE:Height
dot1l	GAD_DISEASE:Height
gatad1	GAD_DISEASE:Height
dhh	GAD_DISEASE:Height
lbh	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC100711419	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:Height
cep63	GAD_DISEASE:Height
LOC100697625	GAD_DISEASE:Height
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Height
dnm3	GAD_DISEASE:Height
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:Height
pex1	GAD_DISEASE:Height
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Height
scube3	GAD_DISEASE:Height
spag17	GAD_DISEASE:Height
tsen15	GAD_DISEASE:Height
trip11	GAD_DISEASE:Height
adamts17	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100690579	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100711700	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
dis3l	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
rest	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100703133	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100699311	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
aip	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100691584	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
cc2d1a	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
dxo	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100710422	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
kif21b	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
pla2g12a	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
stk19	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
slc24a5	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
tnmd	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
tmem134	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100707594	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
znf330	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100694769	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100711736	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
fbxo15	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
apbb1ip	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
capn7	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
c6	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
c9	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
cnksr2	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC102079742	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
ehmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
mat2b	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
map2k1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100710883	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100711938	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
plekhb1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
rreb1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100702022	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
sema3d	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
serpinf1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
timm21	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100692624	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
arl15	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
c1qtnf5	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
dazap1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100694109	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
napepld	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
naa30	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
ndufs4	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
sox2	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
amd1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
dars2	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
aspm	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100690575	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
cdca7	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
clu	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
col8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100699513	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100704054	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100698464	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
klhl20	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
mettl16	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC102078747	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
map3k19	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
pak5	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100705572	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
sapcd1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100703776	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100710985	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100712111	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
abra	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
agl	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
c8a	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
c8b	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
cfi	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
cap2	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
ehmt2	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
mta1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
msto1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
nelfe	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
nfib	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
obscn	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
gart	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100706085	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100697765	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
rims3	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
rfx5	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100698140	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
LOC100702770	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
sntg1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
trmt13	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
zbtb12	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
zbtb41	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration
adamts17	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100691689	GAD_DISEASE:height
atad5	GAD_DISEASE:height
dcaf12	GAD_DISEASE:height
dcaf7	GAD_DISEASE:height
gna12	GAD_DISEASE:height
ntan1	GAD_DISEASE:height
rab40c	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100692766	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100694434	GAD_DISEASE:height
strada	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC109194363	GAD_DISEASE:height
lg6h17orf67	GAD_DISEASE:height
coil	GAD_DISEASE:height
crispld2	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:height
crlf3	GAD_DISEASE:height
dgke	GAD_DISEASE:height
eif6	GAD_DISEASE:height
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:height
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:height
ghrh	GAD_DISEASE:height
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100708734	GAD_DISEASE:height
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100702394	GAD_DISEASE:height
kbtbd8	GAD_DISEASE:height
lcorl	GAD_DISEASE:height
mmp24	GAD_DISEASE:height
map3k3	GAD_DISEASE:height
ncapg	GAD_DISEASE:height
nudt3	GAD_DISEASE:height
pdxdc1	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100692331	GAD_DISEASE:height
sgsm3	GAD_DISEASE:height
smpd2	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100704828	GAD_DISEASE:height
usp10	GAD_DISEASE:height
zdhhc7	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:height
ddx46	GAD_DISEASE:height
polg	GAD_DISEASE:height
gnaz	GAD_DISEASE:height
hace1	GAD_DISEASE:height
iqch	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:height
lhx3	GAD_DISEASE:height
mos	GAD_DISEASE:height
plag1	GAD_DISEASE:height
rbbp8	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100690104	GAD_DISEASE:height
scmh1	GAD_DISEASE:height
adgrd1	GAD_DISEASE:height
anapc13	GAD_DISEASE:height
ankfn1	GAD_DISEASE:height
bves	GAD_DISEASE:height
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:height
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:height
camlg	GAD_DISEASE:height
chchd7	GAD_DISEASE:height
dym	GAD_DISEASE:height
wdr60	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100705583	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100709778	GAD_DISEASE:height
homer1	GAD_DISEASE:height
kif13a	GAD_DISEASE:height
mtmr11	GAD_DISEASE:height
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:height
pitx1	GAD_DISEASE:height
pappa	GAD_DISEASE:height
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100711938	GAD_DISEASE:height
popdc3	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100708685	GAD_DISEASE:height
ptpn9	GAD_DISEASE:height
rps20	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100699467	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100702979	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC109194257	GAD_DISEASE:height
tmem241	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100712348	GAD_DISEASE:height
zfhx4	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100695425	GAD_DISEASE:height
pxylp1	GAD_DISEASE:height
bcas3	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100698862	GAD_DISEASE:height
cd164	GAD_DISEASE:height
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:height
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:height
fev	GAD_DISEASE:height
parpbp	GAD_DISEASE:height
supt3h	GAD_DISEASE:height
tbx2	GAD_DISEASE:height
tbx4	GAD_DISEASE:height
yeats4	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100704945	GAD_DISEASE:height
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:height
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:height
bmp3	GAD_DISEASE:height
cct2	GAD_DISEASE:height
cpsf2	GAD_DISEASE:height
cpsf6	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100698351	GAD_DISEASE:height
cryba2	GAD_DISEASE:height
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:height
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:height
golim4	GAD_DISEASE:height
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:height
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:height
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:height
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:height
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:height
mrpl42	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100696178	GAD_DISEASE:height
nppc	GAD_DISEASE:height
nup37	GAD_DISEASE:height
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:height
ppil6	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC102083227	GAD_DISEASE:height
pde6d	GAD_DISEASE:height
pnpt1	GAD_DISEASE:height
penk	GAD_DISEASE:height
prkg2	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100709347	GAD_DISEASE:height
qsox2	GAD_DISEASE:height
rsph14	GAD_DISEASE:height
serpini1	GAD_DISEASE:height
sdr16c5	GAD_DISEASE:height
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:height
tmed10	GAD_DISEASE:height
tgs1	GAD_DISEASE:height
atp13a2	GAD_DISEASE:height
cables1	GAD_DISEASE:height
def6	GAD_DISEASE:height
dis3l2	GAD_DISEASE:height
dot1l	GAD_DISEASE:height
dnajc27	GAD_DISEASE:height
frem1	GAD_DISEASE:height
gatad1	GAD_DISEASE:height
dhh	GAD_DISEASE:height
lbh	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100711419	GAD_DISEASE:height
nkx2-1	GAD_DISEASE:height
atf7	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:height
cdca7l	GAD_DISEASE:height
cep63	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100697625	GAD_DISEASE:height
cap2	GAD_DISEASE:height
cdk20	GAD_DISEASE:height
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:height
dnm3	GAD_DISEASE:height
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:height
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100690147	GAD_DISEASE:height
nhej1	GAD_DISEASE:height
nup153	GAD_DISEASE:height
pex1	GAD_DISEASE:height
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:height
scube3	GAD_DISEASE:height
spag17	GAD_DISEASE:height
sf3b4	GAD_DISEASE:height
tsen15	GAD_DISEASE:height
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:height
trip11	GAD_DISEASE:height
zbtb24	GAD_DISEASE:height
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
atp10b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
bcdin3d	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100691616	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
gpr139	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
gprc5b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
itk	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
lrba	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100696871	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC102077341	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
rab28	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
rras2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ralgps1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
arhgef3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
sfmbt1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ugt8	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
zic3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
aimp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ankrd50	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
atxn7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
baz2b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100700039	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100704516	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
fgf19	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100696204	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
helz	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
insyn1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
lrrc4b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100691151	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mtch2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
map2k4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
map2k5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mmd	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mtmr7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
nudt3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
onecut1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100690066	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
pcgf3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
galnt18	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100705319	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
sfrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
sema6d	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
stk33	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100705402	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100689797	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
smc2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
sycp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100705527	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tmem154	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100690273	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100703873	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cmc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100695260	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cmtm8	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
erc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100693441	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100696266	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mpp7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ppfibp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
rapgef1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
rassf6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100694480	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
wasf3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100702823	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100689743	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ano3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
bcam	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cpvl	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cadm2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100698126	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ccbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
crispld1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
fam69c	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
dusp4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
fam53b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
gadl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
has3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ighmbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100707965	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ldlrad4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mboat1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
megf11	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100705080	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
myrip	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ntng1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
nup93	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
oxr1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
pigl	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100694521	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
rdh10	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ropn1l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
sephs1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100699487	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100710973	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
snx24	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100708656	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
stau2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
smchd1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100710649	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
stxbp4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tent5a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100695568	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100694244	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tmem117	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tmem158	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tpbg	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
znf407	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
znf532	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
gbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
hibch	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
alkal2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
agtpbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100711773	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
bora	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100698862	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
fli1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
gpr176	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
gzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
iqgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100690952	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
poc5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
rab23	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
samsn1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100701983	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tbc1d32	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tpd52l1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
b3gnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
acsl3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
acss3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100704945	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ano4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
atg4c	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
batf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100693549	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cdca7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
col4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cpeb3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100693895	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
foxn3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
fhl2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
klhl29	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
lama2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
lipt2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
kmt2e	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
march5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100695679	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mrpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mtif3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mctp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
myo1b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mstn	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ostf1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100703201	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
pgbd5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
plekha5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100705349	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
kcne4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100702324	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
prr16	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ptpro	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
phtf2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
sptssb	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
slc35f1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
stpg4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ttc7a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tmtc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tmem200a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tmem229a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
vit	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
vwa8	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
zc3h4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
akap6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
abl2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100708930	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
agap3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ddo	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
fam20b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
frmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100703527	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mnat1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
rab3gap2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
rnd3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100707983	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100707650	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
smoc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100704492	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
tifa	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
vapa	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
abra	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ap3d1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
agrn	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mgat5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
anln	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
atl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100701150	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cdc7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
chd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ccdc88c	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
cyfip1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
dock11	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100694327	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
gbx1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
gbx2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
dio1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
kif1b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC109197803	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
manba	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100690953	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mettl21a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
mrpl52	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100705157	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100701233	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
osbpl9	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100699552	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
prkd1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
pcmtd1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
scfd2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
slc38a6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
slc39a8	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
slc44a5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
smc5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100706927	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
trmt5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
trappc9	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
znf106	GAD_DISEASE:Body Mass Index
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
cnot6	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
sp7	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
wnt4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
hdac5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
lg4h17orf53	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100707137	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100694597	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
znf408	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
decr1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
insc	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
tbx20	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100698126	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
ckap5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100707050	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
mtmr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
psma2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
shisa9	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100711474	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100691095	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
cdc42ep3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
dnajc6	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
fam3c	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
ino80	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
iqsec3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
fam84a	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
pdzk1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
prdm6	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
rassf3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
tbc1d8	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100690786	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
csrnp3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
fgf14	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
hspa13	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
lrrc58	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
nr5a2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
nepro	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
pth2r	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
prr16	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
p4ha3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
prkg2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
sema3c	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
slc4a4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
tspan7	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
vit	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
oma1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100697014	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100699250	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
amph	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
cacna1d	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
ctnnbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
ccdc170	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100695618	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
fsip1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
trim9	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
zswim5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Density
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fosl1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fadd	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
gata2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
rbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100692495	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
smad1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100690332	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
sp7	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100698400	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
tradd	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
wnt4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100706281	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100706109	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
aqp9	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100697931	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
clcn7	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dkk2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100692334	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100697339	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100704516	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fgf3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
gnrh2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ghrh	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hdac3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100701922	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
id1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100690541	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100697722	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
myod1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
myog	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ogn	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
phospho1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
pik3r5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
pir	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ror2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
sfrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100697873	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100710871	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dcaf13	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100711101	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
pdlim4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100693777	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100693400	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
wdr5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
wnt11	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
casp2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ctsk	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
cbfb	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
crh	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
egr3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
esrra	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100705583	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fzd6	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100696924	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100692649	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100692377	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100691939	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100534423	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
itga1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ltbp3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
map2k1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
mef2d	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100703522	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ncoa2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100695303	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
sost	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
sfrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
star	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
tcf4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100711944	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
bmp2k	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fosb	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100692555	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
shox2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
tbx2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
tbx4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100704346	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
wnt10a	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
atf2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100705119	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
bmp3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
bmpr1b	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
wisp3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
chrd	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dlx1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dlx2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100701586	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fgf23	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fst	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fzd4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fzd5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100694773	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fzd9	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100706019	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hes1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hoxd10	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hoxd11	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hoxd12	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hoxd3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hoxd4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hoxd9	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
kremen1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
myf5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
myf6	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
mstn	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ntf3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ncoa1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
nrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ostf1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ostm1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ostn	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100706214	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
pax3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100705349	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
smo	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100702524	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
e2f1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dhh	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100692790	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
wnt1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
wnt10b	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
wnt3a	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100695663	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
wnt9a	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100699754	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
bgn	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ctnnbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
wisp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
wisp2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dlk1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dnttip2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dvl1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dvl2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dlx5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
dlx6	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100700099	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
gpnmb	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hoxa3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100534462	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
hoxa5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
id2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ikbkg	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100708122	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100708547	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
mef2b	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100696153	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
pax9	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
ripk1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
sts	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
trh	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Mineral Density
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Mapping
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
rbm47	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
rin2	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
terf2ip	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
csrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
glce	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100690411	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100696591	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100703837	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
prickle2	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
prmt7	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100697439	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100705504	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
tacr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
tcf12	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
vat1l	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
atp2a3	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
borcs5	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
cript	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
dhx33	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
emc2	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
vstm2a	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
wdr70	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
ythdf3	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
adgrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
cpvl	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
cux2	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
dock1	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
myo1d	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100691684	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
rsph1	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
rgs9	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100711567	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100691095	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
bag3	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
ddhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
ets1	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
fbxo25	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
rasgrf2	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
rhobtb2	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
sash1	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
sh3bp4	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
arglu1	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
cep120	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
fgf14	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
glt8d2	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100696840	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
hoxd9	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
inpp5f	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
maip1	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
pigh	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
serac1	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
slc37a1	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
tm7sf3	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
sec24d	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
wisp1	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
dtna	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
sbno2	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
vps72	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ash2l	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100700973	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC102077463	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100693353	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100701599	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
nuf2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
r3hdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
arhgef38	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
rhobtb3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100703081	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100708151	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
tox3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
urb2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
wdr1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ythdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ankrd50	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
blzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100710960	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100691349	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
clnk	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
dchs2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ell2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
gatb	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100690686	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
hs3st4	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100699346	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100691835	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100692423	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100696521	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
lrig1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
magi1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
onecut1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100693406	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
pepd	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
pam	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
pcif1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100699231	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100693785	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
pdxdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
sema6d	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100702345	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
tmc5	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
tmod1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
zc3h7a	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
arl5b	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100698131	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
bud13	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
dtwd2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100706374	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ehf	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100693441	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
lhx5	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
pou6f2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100698083	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100694480	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
arhgap26	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
arhgef28	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
spns2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
vps35l	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100701446	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
cdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100711064	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
capsl	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
chst2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC102080227	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
col11a1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100691064	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100695684	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
dsel	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100707500	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC102079742	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
eif2ak1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
gpat3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100704141	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
insyn2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100692078	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
mastl	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
musk	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
otos	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100701990	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
prpf31	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100702434	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100705672	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
svip	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
slc39a12	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
snx10	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100694717	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
tex47	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
tbl2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
tdrkh	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
uba5	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
gbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100693789	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
adamts3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100693271	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100699396	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
epha3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
epha4	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100710969	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
gng4	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
iqgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ppfia2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
arhgap15	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
sik3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
sox2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100702161	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
thumpd2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
utp20	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
arrdc3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
nars2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
astn1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100694039	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
baz1b	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
camkmt	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100699569	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100698351	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
cobll1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
dcbld2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
dync2h1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
foxb2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
foxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
grb14	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100694141	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100702792	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
marco	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
nup37	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
prrx1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
pebp4	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
plekhg1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100705349	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
galnt17	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
kcnk13	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100706932	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
prr16	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
pcsk7	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
prg4	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
rgs7	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
scara3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100697378	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
smim15	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
scn3b	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
slc12a8	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
slc26a5	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100691054	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ttc13	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100695257	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100708175	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
unc45b	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
vit	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
adamts5	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100710985	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
dennd2d	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
dlgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
mysm1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
nab1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
nkx2-1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ripor2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
polr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
rap1gds1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
sugp1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
acbd6	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
cacna1d	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100693591	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
chrac1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
lg20h1orf174	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
dthd1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100704637	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
fam135b	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100709447	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100693228	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
lamc1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100711622	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
metap1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100705157	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
nid2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
pnpla4	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
galnt15	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
psma8	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
prkaa2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
scfd1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100703237	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
spata18	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
sfpq	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
ttc9	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
tdrd7	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
usp24	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
zranb3	GAD_DISEASE:Triglycerides
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
aga	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100700192	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100709874	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
dbx1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100700039	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100699346	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100703008	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
med20	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100697018	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100698076	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100708842	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
nisch	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
pla2r1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100692151	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
sema6d	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
slc7a11	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
smc2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
syn2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
tmcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
zfand2a	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC102083309	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
gsx1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
ndufaf6	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
pwwp2a	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
rspo3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
sh3bp5	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
stard13	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
aoc1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
bpgm	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
crispld1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC102079742	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100706563	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100706139	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
pitx1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
pamr1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
pkmyt1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
sspn	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
shisa9	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
tmem108	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
tmprss15	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
vav3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
vwde	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
zmat4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100699310	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
frmd3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
sik3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
smarcad1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
tbx15	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100703628	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
atoh1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
cpne8	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
dyrk1a	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
fgf10	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
grb14	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
ints4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
itgbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100711011	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
neb	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
pcnx2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
psat1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
kcnab1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
ptprr	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100698743	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
rnf13	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
scg5	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
sipa1l2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100699514	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
tlk1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
znrf3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
asap2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100691715	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100711075	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
lrp12	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
mtss1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
runx3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
acot13	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
ajap1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
anapc4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
anln	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
cyyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
dnm3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
egln3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
hoxc13	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC102078936	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100711379	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
LOC100692607	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
scfd2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
smim20	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
stmnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist-Hip Ratio
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
atrip	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
atrx	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
bap1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ccr7	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
dnmt1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
pold1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
polq	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100700725	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fbxl20	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fbxo10	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fancd2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
gper1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mpg	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rras2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
skp2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
stard3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
terf2ip	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
tox3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
actb	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100696953	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ara	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100697931	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
comt	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cenpf	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100534452	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cstf1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
carm1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cntnap1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ccne1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cdk12	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cdk2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cdkn2d	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
egf	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
espl1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
gtf2f1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
hmmr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100704787	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
il10	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
kpnb1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100707153	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
kmt5a	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100692379	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
neurod2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
palb2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
plk1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
prmt1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
txn2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100711184	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
blm	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
bccip	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
coasy	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
top2a	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
emg1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ehf	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fancf	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fanci	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
hus1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
nek10	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rad1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rad17	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rad54b	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rbbp8	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
setdb1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100708611	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
shc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
wee1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
abraxas1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
chst3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100698323	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100696016	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
echdc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fasn	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100695225	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100711592	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
itgb4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100704031	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
kl	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
med1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100702235	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100710932	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ncoa2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ncor1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
pcnx3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
pgap3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
pot1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ppm1e	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100708185	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
sra1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100691196	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
terf1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
themis2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
uimc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
zwilch	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
atm	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cwf19l2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
polh	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fancb	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fancg	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fancl	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
gipc3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100691904	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
nmi	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
nek2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rev1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rev3l	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100699682	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
tbx2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
tbx4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
vtcn1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100534432	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100704819	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cyr61	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
f5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cdk1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
dapk1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
gtf2a1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
gtf2e1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC102083201	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100706019	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
hdac2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
itgav	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
itgb5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
lum	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mrps30	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ncoa1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100692170	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ppp1r13l	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
tubd1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
usp1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
akap9	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
atr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
dhx9	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fance	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
fancm	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mus81	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100702312	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
rela	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
sem1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
aatf	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100709980	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC109194384	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
foxa1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100701703	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100698715	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
itgb1bp1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100700997	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100703117	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
odc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC102081481	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ppp2r5e	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
ripk1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100692096	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
sts	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
tep1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
tert	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
tnr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
p53	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
LOC100700668	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer   
adamts18	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
atmin	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
cmc2	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
clec3a	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
LOC100690169	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
LOC100698493	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
terf2ip	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
wdr59	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
adat1	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
cdyl2	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
LOC100691584	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
gan	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
ldhd	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
kars	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
mlkl	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
rfwd3	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
vat1l	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
znrf1	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
bcar1	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
LOC100692880	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
cfdp1	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
nudt7	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
psmd7	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
tmem170a	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
LOC100701703	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 
adamts6	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691689	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100695379	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
atp8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100700973	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cd276	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC102078767	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC102082678	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lsm11	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
nuf2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
pdzrn3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100702167	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
spc24	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tbc1d9	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
wipi2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
wwp2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
adra1d	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
aars2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
arnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cmip	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cdh8	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cemip	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cep112	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cbx8	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691349	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
dut	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
efl1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100696536	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100700039	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
flnb	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100703825	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
hsd17b14	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
kbtbd8	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lgsn	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100703837	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mtap	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mical2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
myef2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
pax5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100693683	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
pde8a	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
plcg2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
sccpdh	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100701195	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100704048	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100698818	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
slc24a5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tlnrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tenm3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tmem131l	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tmem220	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100705942	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tnrc18	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
akap10	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
dcst1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
dcst2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
top3b	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100700683	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
klf4	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
pbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
rspo3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
arhgef28	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
sh3bp5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
wasf3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100709943	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100709824	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694510	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100697270	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
chst3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cdca2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100698817	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lg9h8orf34	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cfap44	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100702757	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
dock5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
dcstamp	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
dsel	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707500	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
dym	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
eva1c	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100705583	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
xpo7	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
gal	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
gpat3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
glt1d1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100706356	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
gdf10	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ipmk	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ift74	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707272	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lnx2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100699650	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
megf11	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
musk	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100696694	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
rsph1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
reep3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
rgs9	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100702022	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
slco5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
spag6	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100690729	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tex47	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
trpa1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100697685	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tmem135	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ttll6	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100698253	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
vwa2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100695266	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
abi3bp	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
arl15	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
bnip3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100698862	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cwc22	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mia3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
rap1gap2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100695037	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
rasef	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
st6gal2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tarbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tab2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100708288	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ap1s3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ankrd6	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694039	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
bmp5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100712579	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cmtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cfap77	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ccdc167	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100701956	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
echdc3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100704169	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lg15h19orf24	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
fign	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
foxn3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
gucy1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lrmp	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
itih5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ism1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lama4	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mettl24	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mctp1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
nol6	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
nup35	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
pgbd5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
p2ry2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ror1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
rps24	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
sema3c	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
slc35f3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100693734	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
syndig1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
timm8b	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tram2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ust	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
brms1l	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
frem1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lrp12	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mindy4	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
patj	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
phf23	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
wdr12	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
aco1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
adcy8	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
rsrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
bcas1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
creb3l1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100701150	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
cbr4	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
chtop	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
eno1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100695618	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC102078936	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mturn	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
mfn2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
nedd9	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
plekhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100699058	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
pcmtd1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
rpa3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
rpp40	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
rnf182	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
serpina10	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710813	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
sall4	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707988	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
syt14	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
zmynd11	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction
LOC100690579	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
atp4b	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC102079463	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100695908	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
reep5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100709284	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
bcl3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
bud13	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
c2cd5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
mpp7	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100701657	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
wnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
asz1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
bcam	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
chrnd	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
lg7h12orf75	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100707005	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100702251	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100704335	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100690902	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
sema3a	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100693789	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100707473	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
rufy3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
srbd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100698798	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
bace1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
baz1b	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100691234	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100534555	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
mme	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
nmbr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
nepro	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC102078715	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
vta1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100693591	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
chrng	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
dpt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
focad	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
hspa12b	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
slc44a5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100690579	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis|myocardial infarction
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis|myocardial infarction
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis|myocardial infarction
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis|myocardial infarction
f5	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis|myocardial infarction
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis|myocardial infarction
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis|myocardial infarction
LOC100703953	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis|myocardial infarction
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100696305	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
lg5h3orf67	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100690221	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
ccdc134	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
dchs2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100690920	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
mrpl11	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
prickle2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100697944	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
sptlc1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100710729	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100704908	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
mpp7	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
pds5b	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
rimbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
adgrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100701121	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100707500	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100707005	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
pllp	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
shisa2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
slc28a1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
trpa1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
znf532	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
abcc9	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
cd2ap	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
cdc42ep3	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100694928	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100690924	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
gab2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100709705	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
arhgap18	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
yap1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100707182	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100693549	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
clu	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
edar	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
glra2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
hif1an	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
ndp	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
nepro	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
ostf1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100697286	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
galnt17	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
kcnk12	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100691726	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100694666	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
brms1l	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
poln	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
eml1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100694531	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
adcy8	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
lg20h1orf174	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
dbt	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
lrrc39	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
mgst3	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
nedd9	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
nmu	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
osbpl10	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100710923	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
p3h2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
rtn1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
LOC100702770	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
slc4a1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
slc44a5	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
trmt13	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100705952	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
foxp1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100690686	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100697787	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
tmem233	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
nsmce2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
tbx20	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
acsbg1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
cchcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
ddr1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
hand1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
lztfl1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100710516	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
sema3d	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100690370	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
asb1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC106098181	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
ksr2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
lacc1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
phtf2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
fbxl2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100690617	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
cdk20	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
clasp2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
jarid2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
ppp1r10	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
tcf19	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
ube2ql1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
ubp1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
vars2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
atp2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100697672	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
dmxl2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ecpas	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
gna12	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
gpr101	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100690221	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100701197	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100696871	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
mapkap1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
nkap	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
nuf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
phf20	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100702167	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
spdef	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100694722	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100692426	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ccdc174	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
coro2b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100694260	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100691522	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
eda	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
gsg1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
hao1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
igsf21	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
mrvi1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100702599	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
melk	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100709965	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
mospd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100698303	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
mtmr7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
nudt6	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100690066	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100696074	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
rnf150	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
sgms2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
smc2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100695950	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100693456	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tcf20	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tmem131l	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tpcn2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ddx52	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
lyrm4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100694611	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
npc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
pou6f2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100698885	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100709723	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100694480	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
spty2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tfpt	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
acadsb	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ano3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
aspa	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100701351	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
chodl	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
lg7h12orf75	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ccbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
dok6	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
eea1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
etfa	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ermp1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
fam107b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100705927	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
hand1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
insig1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
itga8	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ica1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100692078	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
lmbr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
mast4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
megf11	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
myom1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
osbpl3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
pamr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
lhpp	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100696427	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
stk10	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100711474	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100697952	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
sybu	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
stxbp4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tex47	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100692475	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100697685	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tmprss15	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100712125	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100711773	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
cnot6l	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
polb	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
fbxl17	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
frmd3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
hivep2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
pknox1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
pdlim5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
phf21b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
rev1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
riok2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
sestd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
st3gal4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100702161	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
appbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100711833	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC102083004	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
cog3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
cpne8	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
cand1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
dcbld2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
elp3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
fam163a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
fstl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
foxn3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
frk	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
lgals8	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
hhat	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
lrmp	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100695542	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ksr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
kmt2a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100690653	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
mkln1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
myo3b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100702368	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100699239	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
phtf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ror1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
rgs7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
scara3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
scg2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
scube1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ssh1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tex36	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ttc7a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100704500	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ttf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ttll7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
vezt	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
zbtb18	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
frmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
hivep1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
mnat1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
mtss1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
prdm16	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
sugp1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100701247	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100704492	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
vps52	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
abra	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
aadat	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100706218	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100705398	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100698259	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
col25a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
daxx	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
dnah2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
evi5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
fam135b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100703939	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
enpep	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
kynu	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
lrrc3b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
lnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
maco1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
mrpl3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
mylip	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
pde5a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
p3h2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
rpa3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
rps18	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100700616	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
slc25a21	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
ttc34	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
tmem196	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
zeb2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
zyg11b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
aff2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
atp10b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
cass4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100709700	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC102078767	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
fat1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
gna12	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
mapkap1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
r3hdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
spdef	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
stard3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
vapb	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
adm	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
aqp9	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
cmip	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
cstf1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
clnk	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100691522	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100711249	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
fah	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
gria2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
kif26b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100692423	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100696521	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
minar1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
map9	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
mcub	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
megf10	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
nutf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
onecut1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pcif1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
paqr5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pskh1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pcdh20	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
rfx7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
sema6d	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
slit2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
snx25	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
samd4a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
sbno1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100693456	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100694597	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
tmc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
usp34	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
zfand2a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
znf827	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100698131	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
btg3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
cited2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100696655	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
heatr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100700683	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100698885	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100698083	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100694480	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
vps41	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100711937	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
xkr9	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
mgat1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
cdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ctif	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100707255	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC109203822	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
clul1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100707007	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ccny	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
duox1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
dusp4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
dnah5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
eea1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
eif3h	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
foxb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
gemin5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
invs	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100692078	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
micu2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
mrpl32	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
mrtfb	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100690118	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
nufip2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pgs1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
kcnj15	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
plod2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pomgnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
rnf121	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
rnf157	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
sephs1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
sema3a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
sema3e	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100711474	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100702061	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100697952	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100690729	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100710649	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
tpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
tbl2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
tmem106b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
tmem258	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
tmprss15	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ube2l3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100697801	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
vav3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
zbtb20	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
znf236	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
impad1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
adamts3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
arl15	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
arid5b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
bora	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
cdc42bpa	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100693271	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
epha3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
fbxl17	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
itprid2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
khdrbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
rab2a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
sphkap	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
tbr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
wdr3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
wdr81	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ascl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
adgrl4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
adgb	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ano4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100693549	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ctsc	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100698351	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
cobll1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
dera	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
epb41l2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
fam110c	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100700510	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
fgf10	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
grid2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
gpm6b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
itgbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100695542	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
kpna4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
klhl29	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
klhl6	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
lama2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
mmab	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
mtx3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
mettl16	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
nxph2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ninl	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100698217	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100710064	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
nr0b1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pebp4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pid1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
plekhg1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100705349	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
kctd10	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pawr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
penk	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pcsk7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100706955	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
rps24	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
sptlc2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
scn3b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
slc4a4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ttc21b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100697675	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
kdsr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
lg19h15orf41	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
dis3l2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
efcab14	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
huwe1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
msl3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
npl	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
nubpl	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100692846	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
rab3gap2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
rbm46	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
sh3rf1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ss18	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
vapa	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
wwc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
atrn	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
aunip	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100709980	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
cacna1d	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
clcn3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
dthd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
dmac1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100709447	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
kynu	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
lrfn5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100711622	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
myo10	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pex5l	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
pabpc4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
psmb2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
scfd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
shroom4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
slc39a8	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
spag17	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
ttc8	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
triqk	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
zyg11b	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
atp5po	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
atp8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
madd	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pdzrn3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100695921	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
timp4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
vps26a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ap3s2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
cmip	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100694370	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100704610	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
irx3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
maea	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pepd	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100696918	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
psmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
prc1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100698818	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
syk	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100693207	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100690856	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
arhgap26	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
f3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hmg20a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100701827	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hunk	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
mast4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
shisa9	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
svip	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
snx7	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
tpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
tcerg1l	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
tmem108	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
tp53inp1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100695266	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
adamts3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
arap1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
sh3bp4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
vsig10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
cpsf2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100705170	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
dusp12	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
grb14	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
mrps33	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
map3k13	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pcnx2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
sgsm2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
sdhaf4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
znf800	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100702043	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
fggy	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ndfip2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pink1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100692884	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
rnd3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ache	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
acp7	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ddost	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
fitm2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
lrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100711622	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
mrps9	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pex5l	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100692607	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100705223	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pdcd6ip	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100706680	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
inpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
mtif2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
sirt3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
sirt4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100705927	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
mto1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
gtpbp3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
dars2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
mtif3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
ptges2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
trmu	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
iars2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
lgr5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100690747	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100695379	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
lgr5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100695379	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100707015	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
faf2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
nedd1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
nlrc5	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100700723	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC102076290	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
rin2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
tbc1d2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
ythdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
adra1d	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
aspdh	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100701648	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
cdyl2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100700200	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
grxcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
glyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
mfsd11	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
magi1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100698303	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
nfasc	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
ppl	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
kcnip1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100708462	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
spata4	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100694452	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100693609	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
avl9	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
bspry	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
cmtm7	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
gnb1l	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
josd2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
mxd1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
pou3f1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
st8sia2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
tbx1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100701121	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
otos	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
parvb	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
kcnj15	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100691516	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
slco5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
spry4	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
tpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
tubgcp6	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
znf423	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC102076438	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
commd10	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100694928	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
dao	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
hivep2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
pcp4	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
arhgap15	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100708389	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
cdk1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
gsap	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
gldc	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
grb14	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
gucy1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
ildr2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
lrmda	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
me3	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
mmadhc	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
mpped1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100703915	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
nr5a2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
pcca	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
ppm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
rps24	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
scg2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100691726	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
sucnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
tmcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
ust	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100691715	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100692494	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
meaf6	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
prdm16	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
smoc1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
zfp64	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100697324	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
kiaa1211	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100694327	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
dync1i1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
gphb5	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
hs2st1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100711379	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
lgr6	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
nfxl1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
olah	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
kcnq3	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
tsen15	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
tor3a	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
vamp4	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Count
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100702482	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100702167	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
urb2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100689955	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100704678	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
megf10	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
rnaseh2a	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
spcs3	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
rcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
xpo7	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
fam234a	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC109194205	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
kcmf1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
kcnj6	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
ptprq	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
pus7	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100706669	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100692475	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
timm23	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
tmem79	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
ube2l3	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
zfpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
fig4	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100708975	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100701682	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100701956	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100709246	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
fnbp1l	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
hhat	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
itgbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
march8	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100690065	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
galnt13	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
tymp	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
vezt	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100690644	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
nudcd1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
chaf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
cldn20	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100703939	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
LOC100709960	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
kcnh8	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
dusp27	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocyte Indices
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100695379	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100696627	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100700725	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
mcf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
nedd1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100700723	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
rapgef2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
sbf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
tbc1d2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
ythdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100690806	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
aars2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
aspdh	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
cdyl2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
clnk	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100690920	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
galns	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
grxcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
glyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
nfasc	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100705989	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
ppl	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100690066	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
prickle2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100707137	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
smim19	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100693905	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
thsd4	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
arl5b	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100691401	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
avl9	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100689723	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
cmtm8	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100692760	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
pola1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
garem1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
josd2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
otulin	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
wdr7	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
atrnl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
bmt2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
bckdhb	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100698718	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100701121	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
fam171a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100706356	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
mat2b	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
nrn1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100707947	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100703522	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
parvb	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
pde7a	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
lhpp	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
pbdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100709539	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
sergef	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
slco5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
snx10	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
tet3	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100705177	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
tdrkh	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
whrn	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100691860	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC102076438	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
cwc22	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
dao	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
epha7	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
fras1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
klf7	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
lsm8	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
arhgap15	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
yeats4	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100694010	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
lg12h9orf3	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100706241	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
ano6	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
camkmt	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
cdca7	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
wdr66	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
ccdc146	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
cdk1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC102080370	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100705170	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
dcbld2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100534555	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
xpo4	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
fign	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
gldc	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
glra2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100696840	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
ildr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
me3	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
map3k20	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
myo3b	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
nostrin	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
nrip2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
nr5a2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
pibf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
pcca	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100706955	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
phtf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
slc2a13	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
sgpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
sucnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100699514	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
tm9sf3	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100708930	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
babam2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
efr3a	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
prdm16	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC102082458	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100707896	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100707650	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100697324	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
cep63	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
chd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
cyyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
gpd2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC102078936	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100711379	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
mgll	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
olah	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
LOC100707476	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
kcnc4	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
kcnq3	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
retreg1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
slc25a21	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobins
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
celf4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100693353	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100698697	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100691047	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
baz2b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
clnk	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
dchs2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
ell2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
fah	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
kiaa0355	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
magi1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100711643	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
onecut1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100690562	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100699231	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
prss12	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
slc7a11	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
tmod1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
arl5b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
btg3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
bud13	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100705935	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
prdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100698083	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100694480	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
spns2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100693400	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
stard13	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC102080227	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100707500	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
otos	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100701990	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100705672	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
slc39a12	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
sbspon	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100710649	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
tmprss2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
tdrkh	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
eya4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100710969	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
nars2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
bmp5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
celsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100699154	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100698351	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
dcbld2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
foxb2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
foxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
pebp4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
plxna4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100706932	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
penk	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100706955	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
ptk7	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
phtf2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
rgs7	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100697378	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
stox1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100695257	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
unc45b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
brms1l	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
mtss1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
mysm1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
rap1gds1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
chrac1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100693120	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
slc24a2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
tdrd7	GAD_DISEASE:Lipids
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
aff2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
grk3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
nek4	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
smad1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706145	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698095	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699905	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696953	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696615	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693455	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
cdk12	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
diaph2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
gdf9	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704059	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710422	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
leprotl1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100690541	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
pcm1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709278	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699319	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710302	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705479	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
adamts13	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
bub3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
cited2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
pof1b	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711777	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693777	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691403	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698783	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
chfr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
chrnd	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
eme1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
galt	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
gdf10	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100701694	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
mfhas1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
nr0b2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699274	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706669	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
star	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
tent5a	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
th	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
ebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
fgfr1op2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
nek2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
acvr1c	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694010	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
anos1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
bmp3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
bmp5	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
bmpr1b	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707807	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704819	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691234	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100689876	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
eif2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
fst	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
foxl2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
gdf3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100705058	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100695903	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
mstn	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
penk	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
slc2a12	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
spast	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
tm7sf3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
dot1l	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
eml1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
hivep1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC102082918	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100699754	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
amh	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708030	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
cep70	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100692189	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
chrng	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
ect2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
eif2b5	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
cga	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698527	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
inha	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708122	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
LOC100705611	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
rhag	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
lgr5	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Posttransplantation diabetes mellitus (PTDM)
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
aspscr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100694756	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
klf15	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
madd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
nlrc5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100695921	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100698095	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
apln	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
cenpx	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
itgb6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
mtch2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
prkcd	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
stk33	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
slc2a10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
slc27a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100693456	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
tcf20	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100696337	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
trpm7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
vamp3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
bud13	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100692645	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
klf4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
rapgef1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
cacna1g	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
cpvl	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
cdca3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
chn2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
insig1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100702235	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
pdx1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
pigf	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
kcnj15	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
rbp4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
stra6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
slc15a4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
slc27a4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
stxbp4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100701010	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
tbl2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100711567	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100699312	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
bcl7b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
frmd3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100691904	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
smarcad1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
acaa2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ap3s1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
adcy5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
angptl3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
baz1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ddah1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
fabp1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100706552	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100706019	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
iapp	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
kif11	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
lgr5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
mmab	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
map3k5	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
nrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
kctd12	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
prox1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
pdk1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
rhoq	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
stxbp3	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
trpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ahi1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ddah2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100701601	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
arhgef11	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100707983	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
acss2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
aldh7a1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100698905	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100702145	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC109198658	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
clcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
clcn6	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
cap1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
leprot	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100711622	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
pter	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
prkaa2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100703104	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
pkn2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
sars	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
snap23	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
sntg1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
tfb1m	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
LOC100696419	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
LOC100705049	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
naa25	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|reduced prostate cancer risk
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100695379	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
commd5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ddit3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
fto	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
klf15	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ndufb6	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
nox1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
rrad	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100709693	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
adm	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ara	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
cdh22	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
comt	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100710831	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
egf	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100706504	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100691075	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
gcgr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
hadh	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
il10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
mif	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
mtap	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
mtch2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
onecut1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pank4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pepd	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100702181	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pde3b	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100705319	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
slc2a10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
tcf20	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
trpm7	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100700105	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100700683	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
klf4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100704719	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
met	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
nkx6-1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
rapgef1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
shc1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
add1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ace	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100691432	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100692880	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
gng10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
f3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100698323	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100699299	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100694159	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
has2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
has3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ins	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
lars2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
nr0b2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pdx1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pck2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC106097889	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
prickle1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100699409	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pdhx	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
rbp4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
sdf2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100711567	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100691904	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
klf7	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
nox4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100706476	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
oga	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
agt	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
f5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
c5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100699159	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
dusp12	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
exoc4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100706552	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
gck	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
iapp	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
kif11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
lgr5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
lrguk	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
mcm10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
nrf1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100704607	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100698444	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ptges2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
psmd9	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100707847	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
alms1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
mok	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
arhgef11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ada	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
cacna1d	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC109198658	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100697195	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
cdk5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
fam241a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100698043	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100709336	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
gpd2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
mgst3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
npy	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
prex1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100694690	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100704256	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100694830	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pea15	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100703104	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pkn2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
pdk4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
slc13a3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
slc19a2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100706927	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
ubr1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
LOC100696419	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
vamp4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
bcdin3d	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100709700	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
sh3bgrl	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100690481	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
tub	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100691312	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
ara	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
comt	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
leprotl1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
mif	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100690541	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
mtch2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100702181	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
scg3	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
prss23	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
slc6a14	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100709500	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100705179	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
tcf20	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
bbs1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100706143	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
nedd4l	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
sap30bp	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100711777	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
wdr36	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
mgat1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100699225	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
crh	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100691118	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
dgat2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100692160	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
fasn	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
gal	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
insig1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
ins	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
nr0b2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
tmem101	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
tbca	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100695266	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
arl15	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
mkks	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100693232	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
sdccag8	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
agt	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
f5	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100699513	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100698894	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
eif2b4	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
foxp2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC109194182	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
hspa13	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
ivns1abp	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
lgr5	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
mtmr9	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100702877	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
ucn	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
cebpd	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100707983	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
aatf	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
ctnnbl1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100710500	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100703423	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
mrpl9	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
nmu	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
npy	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
ppie	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100703953	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
pter	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:obesity
adamts9	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
fto	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
syn2	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
lgr5	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes
adamtsl5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ctbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
emc8	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100690862	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
mapkap1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100698493	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
nadsyn1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100710707	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100706199	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC102076274	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC102079987	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
cdh15	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100702438	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC102077679	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
cdyl2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ccdc86	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100691349	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ergic1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
foxf1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100706459	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100696591	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
pigg	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
pigq	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
psma4	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ror2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
rgs12	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100701195	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
slit2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
tollip	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
tcf25	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
tbl3	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
tmem39a	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
tbcd	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ube2r2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
llgl2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ruvbl2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707204	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100706497	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
dock1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707500	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
eif2ak1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
fut7	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
megf11	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
mef2d	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100696776	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
panx2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
trdmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100701010	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
usp20	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100697547	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100699310	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
dnajc6	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
rabgap1l	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
sbf1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100703297	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
acss1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100710803	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707182	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
celsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
cct2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
cul9	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
pygb	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100692673	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
lztr1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
mccc2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
nvl	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
uhrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
usp37	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
zc3h3	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
acot7	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ap3d1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
atl1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
colec11	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ivd	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
nup210	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
pxdn	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
pacs2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
psmb4	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
sptbn5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
trappc9	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
vipr2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
arl14ep	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
ash2l	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
zic3	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
LOC100692423	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
rnf44	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
thsd4	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
tmem150b	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
tdrd3	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
banp	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
polg	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
adgra2	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
helq	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
rhbdl2	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
sardh	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
sema3d	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
uimc1	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
gng4	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
fndc4	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
kpna3	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
mmadhc	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
mcm8	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
galnt13	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
slc35f3	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
tlk1	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
prim1	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
dync1h1	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
LOC100694763	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
slc44a4	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause
LOC100691884	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
cpe	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
cars	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
slc22a18	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
pknox2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
sh3bp5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
LOC100704141	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
LOC100689819	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
phlda2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
tpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
LOC100704945	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
LOC100700034	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence 
LOC100691884	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
b9d2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pola2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pold1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
poll	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polm	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polq	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
fancd2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mybl2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mpg	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polr2b	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polr2c	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polr2j	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polr2f	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100697553	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tcta	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
vps26a	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
aimp2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100707845	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cstf1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ccdc97	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ccna2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ccne1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100709652	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
egf	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100698579	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lmod1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mettl1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100704034	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
nicn1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ninj1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pin1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pctp	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
plk1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
parp3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
scube2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
slc30a4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100699319	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100697439	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100706212	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tspo	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
zfpm1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100705950	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
atp1b2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
blm	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
coasy	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pold2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polg	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100707186	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
hras	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
hus1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lmo2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
met	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
nubp2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rad51d	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
amacr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
alad	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ace	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100705328	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
casr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lg9h11orf65	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ddb2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
fut7	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC102080194	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pot1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100703384	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rpa2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
slc4a2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100695172	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
sra1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
terf1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tdg	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tsg101	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100691860	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
atm	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polb	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pole	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polh	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
poli	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polk	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ercc8	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
fancg	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100694109	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rab15	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rerg	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rev3l	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polr2d	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polr2h	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100534432	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100704819	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cth	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ezr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100694773	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
hspb8	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
hao2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
hif1an	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mest	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702918	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100694582	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100696183	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
parp4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ppp1r13l	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100703854	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100705572	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rfc5	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ret	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
smo	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
slc30a1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ung	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ddx20	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pold3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
pole2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100704168	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702312	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rb1cc1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polr2a	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polr2e	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polr2k	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
polrmt	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
runx3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rheb	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
recql4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
wrap53	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
akr1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cdc25b	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cdk5	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100705711	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100707941	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100700524	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
gpx2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
cga	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100703423	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100708122	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
dio1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mlh3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100692939	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rfc2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rfc4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
rpa3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100696873	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
selenof	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702055	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100702141	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tep1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tert	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tacc3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100690141	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tp53i3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer
LOC100691884	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer stomach cancer
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer stomach cancer
LOC100691884	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC102078255	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
cpeb1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
myh11	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
suox	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
cbfb	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
dck	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
zbtb16	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100701327	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
arid5b	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
atm	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
ikzf1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
kmt2a	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
farp2	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
p53	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia
LOC100696267	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
bbs4	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
bbs7	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100706288	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100696636	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100690422	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100534525	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100699863	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100703065	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
rdh5	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100700469	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
bbs1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
bbs10	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
bbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100711736	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
ush1c	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100691977	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100698977	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
cep290	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100700385	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100701529	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100706644	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
prpf3	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
prpf31	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
trim32	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100702271	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
bbs5	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100705478	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
mkks	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
aipl1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
cerkl	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100699513	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
myo7a	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
ndp	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
nyx	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
opn1sw	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
optn	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
opa3	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
pax3	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
prpf8	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100696641	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100694376	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
alms1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
rp2	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
rp9	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100700585	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
ttpa	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100706871	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
cnga1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
cnga3	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100690715	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
rho	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
ttc8	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Diseases
LOC100696267	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
bbs4	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
bbs7	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
tub	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
LOC100691312	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
cpe	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
tbce	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
bbs1	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
bbs2	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
bbs5	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
mkks	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
LOC100706552	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
ngef	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
ttc8	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity
LOC100696267	GAD_DISEASE:male infertility
LOC100694510	GAD_DISEASE:male infertility
nxph2	GAD_DISEASE:male infertility
LOC102083227	GAD_DISEASE:male infertility
dazl	GAD_DISEASE:male infertility
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:male infertility
sall4	GAD_DISEASE:male infertility
arl9	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100695017	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
pdzrn3	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100694370	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100708712	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
inka2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
igfbp7	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
klhl3	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
lamp1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100689830	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100693406	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
plcg2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
tmod1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
bnip2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
phrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
pou3f1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
cdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
cmbl	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
cep162	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
ccbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
dok6	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
dusp4	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
dnah5	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
eomes	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
homer1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
ica1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100693227	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100704440	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
nsg2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100690370	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100708656	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100702455	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
tmem132e	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
ttll11	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
zbtb7c	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
zmat4	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
dnajc15	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
emid1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
eya4	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
kiaa0825	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC102081671	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
usp6nl	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
clvs2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
ccdc6	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
dner	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
edar	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
maip1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
pappa2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
piezo1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100696994	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
proca1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
serinc5	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
serpini1	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100693734	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
tex36	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
tmem8b	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
adamts5	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100708930	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
asap2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
ddx20	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100696265	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
lg20h1orf174	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
cpeb2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100703939	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
lrrc74a	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
LOC100692607	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
rpl37a	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
slc24a2	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
ube4b	GAD_DISEASE:Arteries
aktip	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
bap1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
ruvbl1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
ara	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
comt	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
ccne1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
cdk2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
cdkn2d	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
egf	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100534527	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
topbp1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
kras	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
rbbp8	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100698323	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
echdc1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
ins	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100707174	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100701327	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
atm	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
braf	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
nmi	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
aifm2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC102081076	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
plat	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100690121	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
polr2k	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC109194384	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100708122	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
LOC100700997	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
mlh3	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
p53	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  
aff2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
apip	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
bud31	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
csk	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100702482	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100694756	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
edem1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100693353	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
fes	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
gpr101	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100695017	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
lonrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
mcf2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100704454	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
naa60	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rbm20	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rilpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rhobtb3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
shank2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
urb2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
vps37a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100706281	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
adm	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
aimp1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100704557	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100694535	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
card11	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
lg6h4orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cplx3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
dchs2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ell2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100704516	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
fah	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
glrx	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
gosr2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
gucy1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
igfbp7	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC102076518	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100692423	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100692407	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100696521	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
mns1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
minar1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
myo1e	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100697289	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100693683	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
plcd3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100696074	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
prom1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rptor	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rnf24	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rnf4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
smim19	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100705836	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
sumf1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
srpx2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
stx18	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
tlnrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
tll1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
znf277	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
znf330	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
znf652	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
znf827	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100692760	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
eya1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100703185	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
garem1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
hecw1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
lyrm4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
asah2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100702504	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100706384	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
arhgef28	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
acbd4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
creb5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cpvl	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100708917	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
lg9h8orf34	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
dmgdh	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
dnah5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
fam107b	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100701694	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100704141	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100707272	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100707005	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100712447	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100707450	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100703522	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
pald1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100709539	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
kcnv1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
p4ha2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rgma	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rsl24d1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rnf157	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
sema3a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
slc39a12	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100702030	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
snx29	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
spry4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
tpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
trpa1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
tmem117	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ulk4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100697547	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100704013	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100711773	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100704880	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ddhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
eya4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100695123	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100710969	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
flvcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
gpr176	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
gulp1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100699246	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100701682	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
prdm8	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100695037	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rasgrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
samsn1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
satb2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
sh3bp4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
slitrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
tbc1d4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
vtcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
abhd17b	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100704542	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
atg4c	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cpm	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100693549	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cemip2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
lg12h9orf85	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cfap299	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cog6	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cpne8	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
enox1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
exoc4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
fign	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
glrx5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100694141	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
inpp5f	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
lgr5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
lrguk	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
lztr1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
mcmbp	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
plxna4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
pnpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
kcnmb4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
kcne4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ppp4r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100703854	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
scg5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
stk39	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
smim15	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
slc35f1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100699514	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ust	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
fam92a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cipc	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
frem1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100708554	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
nab1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rasgrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
rnd3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
stac	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
tbc1d22b	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
acbd6	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ajap1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
arsj	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
aspg	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
btd	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100708854	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
casz1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cdc7	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cyyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
cdadc1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
dcp1a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100689759	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC106098048	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
hs2st1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ift43	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
jam2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
lnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100690028	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
prex1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
LOC100698647	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
pfdn4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
prok1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
prkd1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
ppp2r5e	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
slc39a8	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
syt14	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
tnr	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
vwa5b1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Pressure
aff2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100691723	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
spock3	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
utp6	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
card11	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
dchs2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
h6pd	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC102076518	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100697681	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
lamp2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
prom1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100707137	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC106098755	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
slc7a11	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
tpp2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
banp	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
dnajb6	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100709295	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100707685	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
sh3pxd2b	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100693154	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
cadm2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100702757	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
cux2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
ccna1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100704872	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100712447	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
fars2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
sephs1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
sema3a	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
sybu	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
ube3d	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
umodl1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
znf423	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
arfgef3	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
abca12	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
gpr85	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
naa35	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100692432	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
abraxas2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
afdn	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
atg4c	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100700510	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
gucy1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
pikfyve	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100703201	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
rgs7bp	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
spopl	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
srpx	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
uchl3	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
ube2h	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
vit	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100691636	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100705114	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
wrnip1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
wnt9a	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
aox1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100697956	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100701668	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
cldn20	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
egln3	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100695618	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
mad2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
ttc34	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
tmem170b	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrinogen
aff2	GAD_DISEASE:Fragile X Syndrome
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Fragile X Syndrome
aff2	GAD_DISEASE:Hand Strength
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Hand Strength
atrnl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hand Strength
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:Hand Strength
olfm3	GAD_DISEASE:Hand Strength
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Hand Strength
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Hand Strength
LOC100702161	GAD_DISEASE:Hand Strength
dyrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Hand Strength
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Hand Strength
galnt17	GAD_DISEASE:Hand Strength
aff2	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
LOC100700816	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
rnf152	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
ino80	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
supt3h	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
LOC100702161	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
cytip	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
rlf	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
cyyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
mapre2	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
ppt1	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Occipital Lobe
aff2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
gpr101	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC100705090	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
tead1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
maml3	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
mgst2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC100693406	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
ppp1r16b	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
slc7a11	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC100702174	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
cdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC100708685	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
khdrbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
lyrm7	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
acsl3	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
anos1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
cmss1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
col8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
fndc1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC102081076	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
slc35a5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC100692672	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
mis18bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC100690576	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
LOC100709447	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
prima1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
slc39a8	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulse
aff2	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
hdx	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
map9	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
spcs3	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100704398	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
eya1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
pof1b	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100707272	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
myrip	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
ophn1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
rnf19a	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
trpa1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
foxn3	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
habp2	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
ing3	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
mmadhc	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100710064	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
pdc	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100690513	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
vta1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
brms1l	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
nkx2-1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
rnd3	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100707212	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep
LOC100695379	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
nedd1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100689955	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
galns	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
irx3	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
megf10	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100698303	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
prickle2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
smim19	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
cmtm8	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
stard13	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
wdr7	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
lg7h12orf75	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100706356	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
mat2b	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
map3k8	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100692427	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC109194205	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100709539	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
sergef	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
snx10	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
snx29	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
tet3	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
agpat4	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100691860	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
cwc22	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
ephb3	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
fras1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
yeats4	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
camkmt	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
cfap299	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
epb41l2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
xpo4	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
fign	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
grik4	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100696840	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
kera	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
mcm10	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
plcxd3	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100706955	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
phtf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100699514	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
babam2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100711379	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematocrit
LOC100695379	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100701321	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100709568	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100693455	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
galnt18	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
psmd3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100690743	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
scai	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
clip2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100710479	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
crispld1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100692734	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100702571	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
ptar1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
fig4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
acsl3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
bfsp1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100700804	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
sgcg	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
gnal	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
mtss1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
afap1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
ak5	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
anapc4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100700415	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100699012	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocyte Count
LOC100695379	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
bcl3	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
LOC100707450	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
rara	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
satb2	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
wnt10a	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
wnt6	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
LOC100702792	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
LOC100702862	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
scn3b	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
tns1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
ryk	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
vax2	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate cleft palate
apip	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
acly	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
atp5po	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pola2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
dnaja3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
hmgxb4	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100695847	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
nek4	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100692495	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
rassf1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100698471	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
tatdn2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100697777	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
cdc6	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
coq7	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
cul4a	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
ccna2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
egf	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100696536	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
fgl1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100704949	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
glyctk	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
hp1bp3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
h6pd	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
hrh1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
il16	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
il17rd	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
klb	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100701740	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
man2b1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100689757	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
nudt6	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100707130	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pdcd4	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
prkag1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
sirt3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
slc35b1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
slc5a11	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
suclg2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
swap70	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
sycp1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
blm	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
polg	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
top2a	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
gtse1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100704908	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
iqgap3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
nck1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100705661	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
shc1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100701071	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
taf1c	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
dhtkd1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
dlat	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
dusp6	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
ehmt1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100699299	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
galt	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
glp2r	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
glrx3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
gapdh	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
helq	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
hexb	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
ins	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
klhl8	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
kl	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
lrit1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100708172	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
mki67	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
ncapd2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100690741	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100697171	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pdhx	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
rnf157	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100699559	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
trdmt1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
tmem38b	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
th	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
zwilch	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
gbe1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
bag3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
fbxo5	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
gen1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
iqgap2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
arhgef12	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
st6gal2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100709054	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
agt	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
aven	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
birc6	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
cad	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
clybl	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
f5	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC109194151	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
dapl1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100700034	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
dst	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100696908	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
frk	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
lgals8	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pygb	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
gys2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
gdf3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
me3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
mut	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
mcm8	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
mrps30	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
orc1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
otor	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
perp	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pgm2l1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pgm3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
kcnab1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100711396	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
psmd2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
ptk2b	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pcmt1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
prg4	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
rfc5	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
sesn1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
sirt5	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
slc3a1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100706132	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
smc4	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
tp53bp2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
ung	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
abl2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
acap1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
top2b	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
fance	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
fggy	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
lhx4	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
mus81	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
nek1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
arhgef11	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
tti1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
traf3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
ythdf2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
aox1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
fuca2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
agl	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
chaf1a	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
csrnp2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
eif2ak3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100707418	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100706816	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100707077	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pygl	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
hspa4l	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
hfm1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
man2b2	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
manba	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
mcm4	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100701233	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
orc3	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pxdn	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100702997	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
galnt15	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
pdcd6ip	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100697765	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
tep1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
tpo	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
p53	GAD_DISEASE:longevity
LOC100696305	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
mphosph10	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
lg6h16orf45	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
cpe	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
plcg2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100703625	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
sfrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
spata17	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
usp7	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100694317	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100711611	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC109194158	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
phrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC102081275	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100699377	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC102079742	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100705583	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
glrx3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
hpse	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
irf7	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
ldlrad3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100709000	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100701993	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
shisa9	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
tcerg1l	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
tmem258	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
th	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100704880	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
fam84a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
armc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
lin7a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
scara3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
slc35f3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
acot13	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
col25a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
dysf	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
paip2b	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
slc24a2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
syt4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
tdp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100696305	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
bcdin3d	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
cwc27	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100709513	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100701321	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
kri1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
lrba	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
pdlim3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
rbbp5	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
rbm47	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
spdef	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
smyd3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100710835	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
cntn2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
cdkn2d	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100692860	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100700039	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
gan	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100690411	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
asna1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100708734	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
klhl36	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
mical2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
nup85	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100693467	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
sez6l2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100689797	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
snx25	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100709500	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
samd4a	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100708550	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100694597	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
ube2j2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
zcchc14	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
bccip	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
dhx32	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
erc1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
hace1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
rapgef1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
sh3bp5	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
tbx20	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100705918	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100689743	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
ano3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
bpgm	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
cpvl	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
lg7h12orf75	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
crispld1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
fam69c	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
wdr60	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
has3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
ldlrad4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
lpar1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
megf11	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
sardh	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
slc39a12	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
spart	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
tmprss2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
zfat	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
znf407	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
fbxo25	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100690924	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
kank4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
lhfpl6	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100708975	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100690952	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
pcp4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
b3gnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
acod1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
atg4c	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
cdca7	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
dnah10	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
elp3	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
fgf10	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
grik4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
ints4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
ksr2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
lin7a	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
med27	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
mrpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
neb	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
kcne4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100698215	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100701131	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100694590	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
tlk1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
tmem229a	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC106096811	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
oxsm	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
asap2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100691715	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC102078735	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
l2hgdh	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100707650	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
sos2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
vapa	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100702233	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
anapc4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
lg20h1orf174	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
ccdc88c	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
cdkl1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
cyfip1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
dpt	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100700415	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
atp5s	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
ect2l	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
fam177a1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
kif26a	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100711379	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100696153	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
plekhg5	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
LOC100704256	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
spidr	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
smim20	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
slc24a2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
srxn1	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
triqk	GAD_DISEASE:Waist Circumference
atmin	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
atp8a1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
cmc2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
lmcd1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
prdm11	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
rad18	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
rassf5	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100703081	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
wdr77	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
comt	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
cenpn	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
clta	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
foxf1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
gne	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
mthfsd	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100699231	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100693467	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
thsd4	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
tgfbi	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100703185	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100698515	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100711398	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
rora	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
stard13	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
armc3	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
grp	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
hsbp1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100706111	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
kl	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
lama1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
nrap	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
pamr1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
plekhs1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
reln	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
rims2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100697801	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
agpat5	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
iqgap2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100693564	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
mdm1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
rassf2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
supt3h	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100698798	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
bfsp1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100700804	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC102078018	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
ccdc25	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
dapk1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
habp2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
itga4	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
mypn	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
plpp4	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
kcnk18	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
ror1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
sncaip	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100708019	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
atp5pb	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC102082458	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100702233	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
als2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
cdca7l	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
eif2d	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
pcnx1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100707212	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
p3h2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
sall4	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cessation
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
gas6	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
mtfp1	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
arhgap35	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100534413	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
apbb2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
cast	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
comt	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
dld	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
mif	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
mapk8ip1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
pin1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
ptpra	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100709409	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
apbb3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100691432	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100701652	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
gapdh	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
gapdhs	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
ins	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
sigmar1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
abca12	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
bicc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
sash1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
apbb1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
bace1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100694039	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
blmh	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
cdk1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100704054	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100689795	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
kif11	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
mme	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
ntf3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100697440	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100693546	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC102077656	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
ttll7	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
faf1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
ache	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
dvl1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
klc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
ncstn	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100695832	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
soat1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
tfcp2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
p53	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC102081219	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100704166	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
vps26a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100534413	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ara	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
calhm1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
comt	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
cog1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
dnm2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100706414	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
pin1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100697944	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
sept3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100697873	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
uchl1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
abca2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
sec24c	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
wwc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
apbb1ip	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100701652	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
dnmbp	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
fdps	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
gapdhs	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ireb2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
psenen	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100697028	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100694933	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC109194230	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100707737	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100703495	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
dnajc12	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
gab2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
rassf4	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
acad8	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
apbb1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
bace1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
bloc1s3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
blmh	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100707182	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
calhm3	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100707324	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
clu	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
cdk1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100704054	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
dapk1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
golm1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
mme	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100706424	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100697286	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
plat	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC102077656	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
sgpl1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
npc2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
sos2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ache	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
aph1a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
dr1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
nedd9	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ncstn	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
soat1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
tfcp2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease apolipoprotein E levels
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease apolipoprotein E levels
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Recurrence
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Angina pectoris|Apoplexy|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
ahcy	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
enosf1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100698217	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
cpe	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
utp20	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100698804	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hyperlipidemias
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hyperlipidemias
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hyperlipidemias
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Stroke
LOC100704692	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Stroke
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Stroke
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Stroke
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Radiodermatitis
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Dementia|Hypoalphalipoproteinemias|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis|Intracranial Thrombosis
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Hypertension|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL/blood*
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL/blood*
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL/blood*
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL/blood*
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, HDL/blood*
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
atrip	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
b9d2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100712452	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ddit3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pola2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pold1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
poll	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
polq	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100700725	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
edem1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696126	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gpank1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gata2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gli1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mon1a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mycbpap	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nek4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nlrc5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rad18	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rad9a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
arhgap9	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
sgf29	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
sec13	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
sbf2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706213	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706145	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
spock3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100693466	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
spg7	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
sox10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100692830	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
trap1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tp53rk	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tatdn2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ugt8	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
vrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102079525	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
acp5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
adm	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ankrd49	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
bysl	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704700	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
chst1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705047	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102082064	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100697777	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707845	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cdc6	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ccna2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cdk2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cdkn2d	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100699771	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dkk2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dstyk	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dusp1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
flt4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gan	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hmmr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ikbke	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC112846611	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
il17rd	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
klhl5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
lmtk2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100701740	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694673	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mcm5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
neil3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nfatc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100692530	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696340	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ppia	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
phkb	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pdgfrb	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
parp3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pcgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
psma4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
psmb1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
psmb7	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ppp1r1a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102082074	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptpra	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptprb	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100698818	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695063	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704394	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100693999	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
slc7a5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
slc7a9	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694452	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tspo	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
znf827	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100712516	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
bnip2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
blm	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cd79b	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dbf4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dclre1a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dmc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
polg	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706374	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100710732	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hus1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
lsm1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mms19	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nek11	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
npc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nuak1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pou2f2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
prdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rad1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rad54b	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100711777	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
taf1c	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ticrr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707204	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
adck2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
abi1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
aicda	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707801	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
alkbh3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
alad	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100698730	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
camkk1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
chst2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
chst3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cav2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100699400	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100710068	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
f3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100698323	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ccni	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694213	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pdss1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dck	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dpagt1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dusp6	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
enosf1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ess2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
eme1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
eef2k	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
eif2ak1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fasn	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fgf17	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fgf6	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fzd6	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gtf2h1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706356	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hsp90b1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100708428	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
helq	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hunk	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ighmbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100701529	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
itga8	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
klhl22	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704269	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
musk	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
myo3a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mtmr2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ncapd2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703522	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
osbpl3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100698290	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
lhpp	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptpa	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC112841884	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptpn13	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696374	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptpn5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rmc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694900	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
stk17a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100697690	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
stk40	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100697028	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
slc28a1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
slc4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100710487	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
slco2b1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695172	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
star	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100689712	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695146	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tdg	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705177	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100697322	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695995	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ublcp1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
vav2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
zhx2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100698681	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
abcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
bag3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
bcas3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cdc42bpa	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ddx18	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
polb	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pole	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
polh	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
poli	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
efr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fbxo25	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fancl	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fig4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
limk2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mknk2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705478	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100690952	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ndc80	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nek2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
osgep	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pdlim1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pdlim5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pbk	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
rev3l	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
riok2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100701417	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703628	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100708288	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
vrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
wnt16	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100698344	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
atf3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
acbd3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705759	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
alkbh2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
bmp3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
chst11	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
chrd	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
chga	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gak	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ccnk	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694258	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100700465	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705170	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100698894	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dcbld2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696908	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694773	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
frk	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hsp90ab1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100700393	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mcat	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695821	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pak5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696183	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704607	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705366	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
phgdh	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694131	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptk2b	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptpn12	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptprr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pyroxd1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705572	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
scarf1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
scarf2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100708706	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100693193	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707849	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
spata1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
sult4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
sapcd1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tmem167a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ttll12	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tie1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
zc3hc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
kdsr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
adamts1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
alms1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100701459	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
atr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
bub1b	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
c1qtnf7	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ctdp1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
poln	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
e2f2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fance	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fastk	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gipc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dhh	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mus81	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nat8	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ndufs2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nek9	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nsun2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
npc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pask	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pink1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
arhgef10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
sem1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
stard3nl	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
taf11	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ap4b1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
adssl1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707770	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
aox1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ankrd29	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
brpf1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703082	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
chst10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cdc20	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
chaf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
csde1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cinp	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cdk5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100698939	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100702293	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC109195682	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
dusp23	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100708054	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695744	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
erich1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
gss	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706678	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
impdh2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
kif1b	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mtor	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102079201	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100701225	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
map4k5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mlh3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
msh4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nelfe	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nfatc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
nfatc4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pde5a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
plcg1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
plpp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC109196048	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
plekhg5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
plk4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
parp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
prok1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
psmb4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694980	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pomt2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ppp1r9a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ppp2r3a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptpn21	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100692096	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102080396	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100692845	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706083	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
slc39a8	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
slc44a4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tacc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tkfc	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
tpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706183	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Disease Susceptibility
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Disease Susceptibility
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
fgl1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100701355	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100697952	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100691194	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
adamts1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperlipidemias
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperlipidemias
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperlipidemias
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
npc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
LOC100691432	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
pdzk1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
angptl3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
clu	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
kdsr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
naxe	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Diabetes Complications
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
xkr6	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
angptl3	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
mmab	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Nephrotic Syndrome
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
carm1	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
foxp1	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100703837	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
tenm3	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
rbm18	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100712236	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
tbc1d31	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
wdr36	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
abhd5	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
gadl1	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100703522	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
onecut2	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
socs6	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
ulk4	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100690952	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
heg1	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
pcnx2	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
pde9a	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100696994	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100701131	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
ttc27	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
ttc7a	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
anln	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
hs2st1	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC102080396	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
sntg2	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Eosinophils
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100703896	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC102082678	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100702167	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
aars2	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
lg6h16orf45	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100690422	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
gne	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
irx3	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100693406	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
uba6	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100693700	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
fkbp14	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
gnb1l	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
insc	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100698126	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100707965	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100699650	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
myo5b	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
olfm1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
oxr1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
plekha8	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
rims2	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100703384	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
sephs1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
tekt3	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
kiaa0825	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100706760	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100690575	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
col24a1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
cobll1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
grb14	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
kcnk12	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100690513	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
sptssb	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
sfxn4	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
tcte1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
tmem181	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
ripor2	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100692123	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100702145	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
cyyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100534513	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100690188	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
pag1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
rnf220	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100705558	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
ttc7b	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Expiratory Volume
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100702167	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
melk	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
mettl15	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
uba6	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100696287	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
fkbp14	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100706722	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100710661	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
camkk1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
plekha8	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
rims2	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
trim44	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100711773	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
fras1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100702161	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100697399	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
mtif3	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100710064	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
perp	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
slc2a13	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
tmem181	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
larp7	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
ripor2	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100692123	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
dync1i1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100534513	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
myo10	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
ppp1r7	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
ppp2r3a	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Forced Vital Capacity
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
c1galt1c1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
st6galnac2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC102080194	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
mtmr3	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
tnr	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
tpo	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
madd	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
LOC100706665	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
nup93	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
LOC100700740	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
acaa2	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
mmab	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
npc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
scap	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
mmab	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
kctd10	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
LOC100708706	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
soat1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Hypolipoproteinemias|lipoprotein; deficiency
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
gcgr	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703837	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
akap10	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
blm	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
f3	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
mtfp1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
pdx1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
plcd1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
ddx1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
iapp	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100704607	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707847	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
kiaa0319l	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
impdh2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696419	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism
ntan1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism
adamts3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
madd	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
dnttip1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100711249	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC102081201	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC106096442	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100706636	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
nfatc3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
nutf2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
nup160	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100695535	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
prmt7	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100710105	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
smpd3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
sntb2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100693456	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
tmem208	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
vps4a	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
alx1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100706665	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
e2f4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
ddb2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100697255	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
has3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100705707	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
plod2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
rapsn	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
tmprss2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
dnajc3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
tnfrsf21	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100693549	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100698351	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
enkd1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
mettl16	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
psmd1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
slc37a1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100704055	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100709545	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
pabpc4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
retreg1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, HDL
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
gpn1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
camk2b	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
edc4	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
bud13	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
steap4	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100699225	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
c1qtnf5	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
ppp4r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100705013	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Ischemia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Ischemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial ischemia
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial ischemia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial ischemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial ischemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial ischemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial ischemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial ischemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial ischemia
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial ischemia
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
wdtc1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
LOC100700435	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Perioperative genomic profiles 
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:Tangier Disease
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:age and adiposity
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
fto	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100696126	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100534413	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100692415	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ara	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
cant1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
cpe	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
fem1b	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
gas6	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100705244	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100704787	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ppia	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
pdgfc	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100690958	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100699231	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
prkag1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100693419	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100707936	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100698412	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
abcg4	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC102076104	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
scap	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
adora2b	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
camlg	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC109199076	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
cav2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
enosf1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100699299	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ins	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
mrpl10	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100711938	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
prkaa1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
prkab1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
rgs9	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
axl	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100705478	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
blvra	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100709916	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
cth	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100706552	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
gck	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
hmcn1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
lama4	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
mme	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
myo7a	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100693986	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
plat	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
kcnk1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
scara3	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC102078176	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
s1pr1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100701770	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100698905	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100699443	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
gss	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100706678	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ikbkg	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
npy	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
proc	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
prkaa2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100697765	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
selenos	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100706927	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
tpo	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100695591	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, carotid
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, carotid
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, carotid
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, carotid
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, carotid
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, carotid
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
gata2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
il10	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
ace	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
kl	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
myb	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
agt	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
f5	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
plat	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
mok	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
ada	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
npy	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC109196048	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
renbp	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
tert	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; lipoprotein, LDL; triglycerides
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
LOC100704054	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
npy	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein triglycerides
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein triglycerides
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein triglycerides
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein triglycerides
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein triglycerides
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein triglycerides
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein triglycerides
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein triglycerides
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein triglycerides
soat1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein triglycerides
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL triglycerides
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL hypertriglyceridemia triglycerides
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; arterial-wall changes; cholesterol efflux
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
pold1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
mybl2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
nubp1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100697553	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
aimp2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
comt	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cstf1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ccna2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100709652	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
egf	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
lmod1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100704034	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ninj1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
pin1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
pctp	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
plk1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
scube2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
slc30a4	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100699319	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100697439	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
zfpm1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100705950	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
atp1b2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
blm	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100707186	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
hus1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
kras	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
lmo2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
met	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
nubp2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
amacr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
alad	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
casr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC102080194	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
pot1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
slc4a2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100695172	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
sra1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
terf1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
tsg101	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
atm	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
polb	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100694109	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
rab15	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
rerg	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100534432	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100704819	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cth	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ezr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100694773	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
hspb8	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
hif1an	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
mest	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702918	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100696183	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
parp4	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100703854	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100705572	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ret	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
slc30a1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100704168	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
rb1cc1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
wrap53	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
akr1a1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
amt	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cdc25b	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cdk5	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100705711	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100700524	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
gpx2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cga	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100703423	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100708122	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
dio1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
selenof	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100702055	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
tep1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
tert	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100690141	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
tp53i3	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
p53	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
ara	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
lg12h12orf43	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
mras	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
plat	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
mok	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
LOC100702757	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
park7	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
drp2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
tom1l2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
abca2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
atpaf2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
acat1	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100695684	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
chmp2b	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
serpini1	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:dementia
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abca3	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcb10	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcb7	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcc10	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufs3	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufs8	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufa1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufa6	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufab1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufb7	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ugt8	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
aldh1a2	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100700559	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
aanat	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
chst1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
comt	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100697673	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100694673	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
mgst2	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
pnpla6	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100700394	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100706212	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
uchl1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abca2	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100705950	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC109204597	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100712516	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcd3	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcf2	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcg4	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufa2	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufa3	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufa8	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufa9	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100698670	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100695178	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100708222	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
chst2	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
chst3	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100708645	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
slco2b1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100690729	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100689712	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcc5	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcc9	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcd4	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufs1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufa10	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufa5	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufa7	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufs4	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufv3	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100709454	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100706096	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
aldh8a1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100692650	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
esd	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
gamt	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100708706	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100693193	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
sult4a1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
uchl3	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100697229	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcb8	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100703385	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abce1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
abcf1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
naa10	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufv1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufv2	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufb5	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufs5	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ndufs6	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC109194280	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ddost	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
hsd17b10	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
hsd17b8	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
mgst3	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100706083	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
slco4a1	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100690141	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
tp53i3	GAD_DISEASE:drug-related genes 
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:familial hypercholesterolaemia
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:fluvastatin induced cholesterol changes
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:fluvastatin induced cholesterol changes
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:fluvastatin induced cholesterol changes
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:fluvastatin induced cholesterol changes
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:fluvastatin induced cholesterol changes
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:fluvastatin induced cholesterol changes
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:fluvastatin induced cholesterol changes
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:fluvastatin induced cholesterol changes
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:fluvastatin induced cholesterol changes
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
mif	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
mok	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic; atherosclerosis, coronary; hyperlipidemia
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic; atherosclerosis, coronary; hyperlipidemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic; atherosclerosis, coronary; hyperlipidemia
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:high density lipoprotein cholesterol level
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
ace	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
pla2g1b	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
angptl3	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
LOC100695628	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins and HDL
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins and HDL
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins and HDL
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins and HDL
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins and HDL
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
pold1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
eya2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mybl2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
nubp1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rad18	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100697553	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rassf1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
terf2ip	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
aimp2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100697777	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
comt	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cstf1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ccna2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100709652	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
egf	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100698579	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
itga11	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
il10	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
il16	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
lmod1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mif	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100704034	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ninj1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
pin1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
pctp	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
plk1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
pdcd5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
psma4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
scube2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
slc30a4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100699319	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100697439	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
zfpm1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100705950	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100712516	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
atp1b2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
blm	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100707186	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
hus1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
kras	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
lmo2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
met	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
nubp2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
amacr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
alad	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100705328	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
casr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ezh2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
eif3h	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
gtf2h1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ireb2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC102080194	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
pot1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100694900	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
slc28a1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
slc4a2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100695172	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
sra1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
terf1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
tsg101	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ube2i	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
atm	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
braf	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
polb	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
poli	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100694109	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rab15	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rerg	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rev1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100534432	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100704819	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100691234	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cdk1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cth	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ezr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100694773	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
hspb8	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
hykk	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
hif1an	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
lrmp	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mest	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100702918	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100696183	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
parp4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100703854	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100705572	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ret	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
stk39	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
slc30a1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
alk	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
atr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
bub1b	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100710029	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100708887	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100704168	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
rb1cc1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
wrap53	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
akr1a1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
amt	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
arg2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cdc25b	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cdk5	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100705711	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100707941	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100700524	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
gpx2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
cga	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100698715	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100703423	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100708122	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
dio1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mlh3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
selenof	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100702055	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
sumo1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
tep1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
tert	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100690141	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
tp53i3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
p53	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer 
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
LOC100711736	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
LOC100691977	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
hmcn1	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
npy	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
fto	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
acads	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100695016	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100534452	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
fnta	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
slc27a1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100700105	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
ubl5	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
akap10	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100704692	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
f3	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100707262	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
pdx1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
mkks	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
pdzk1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
agt	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100709246	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
fabp1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
hnrnpul1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100704607	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
ada	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
icmt	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
npy	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
palld	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100694830	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100696419	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
vipr2	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
zmpste24	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
il10	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
akap10	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
add1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
ace	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
pdhx	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
th	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100691194	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
abcc9	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
f5	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
hnrnpul1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
plat	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
tert	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
wars	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100696419	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
LOC100697439	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
scap	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
LOC100691432	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
kl	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
mtfp1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
smpd1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
clu	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
hdlbp	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-C levels
LOC100699821	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC100695908	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
bud13	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
tbl2	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
bcl7b	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC100693271	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
sik3	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
xkr6	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
angptl3	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
atg4c	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
slc18a1	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
hmgcl	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC100693591	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC100695628	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides
abca3	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Newborn
abca3	GAD_DISEASE:Idiopathic Interstitial Pneumonias|Pulmonary Fibrosis
abca3	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Newborn
abca3	GAD_DISEASE:fatal surfactant deficiency
abca3	GAD_DISEASE:lung disease
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:9-Hydroxyrisperidone and Risperidone
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
fancd2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
palb2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100712516	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
topbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
fancf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
mms19	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
rad51d	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
rad54b	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
rbbp8	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100710516	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
abcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
fancg	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
fancl	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
usp1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
atr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
fance	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
fancm	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
sem1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
nkiras2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
tnip2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
adad1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
ikbke	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC112846611	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
mmel1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
ramp2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100696287	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
prdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100691403	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
abhd16a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100701990	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
relb	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
itgav	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
pibf1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
ttc7a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
nkiras1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
rela	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
ttpa	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100691451	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
pip4k2c	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
selenos	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
cdc6	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
mmp21	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100711910	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC109194151	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
tmem169	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC109195656	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Neutropenia
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Neutropenia
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Neutropenia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Neutropenia
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:GRACILE syndrome
LOC100697229	GAD_DISEASE:GRACILE syndrome
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100696627	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
fes	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100704454	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
nuf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100689731	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
rabif	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
arhgef38	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100699311	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100696673	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
apln	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
blzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
lg6h4orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100693612	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
etnk2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100694220	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
gatb	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
gstcd	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
gosr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100705244	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
ipo7	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
ints12	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
irx5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
klb	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100712531	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100699230	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
plekha6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100703625	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
prelp	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
prc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
slc12a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
syk	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
stx18	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100697470	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
tmem183a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100703873	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
xylt2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
zc3h11a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
bms1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC109194158	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
malrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
nedd4l	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100706384	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
tiprl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
wnk4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
add2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
asb6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100690011	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
creb5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
cpq	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
chd2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
glrx3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100709000	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
myo1d	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100709539	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
p2rx4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
prss35	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
slc39a12	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100691516	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
sntb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
whrn	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
atp6ap2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
cwf19l2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
dcaf6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
gpr161	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
idnk	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
lhfpl6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
myb	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
rap1gap2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
rasgrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100697803	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100701417	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
rhobtb2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100710001	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
wdr4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
yeats4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
axdnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
bmpr1b	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
chga	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
chgb	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100708867	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
fam81b	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
fhl2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
ildr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100705058	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
klhl31	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
lrrc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
lrrc7	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
kdm4a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
mettl18	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
mpc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
mrpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
pebp4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
psat1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
stk39	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
tmcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
tdrd5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100696616	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100694151	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100694365	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
nme7	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
nubpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100707650	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100695369	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
sp4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
uap1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100699440	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC109194280	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
aspg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
cacna1d	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
wisp1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
clcn6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100698259	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
ccdc181	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
dpt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100708378	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100703939	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100698043	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100700789	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100698819	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
klhl12	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
mgst3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
myo10	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100705157	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
ntsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
pgrmc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
dusp27	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
slc19a2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
slc39a8	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100702141	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100700835	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
slc6a9	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
tada1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
tmco1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100698935	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
brd7	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma|Recurrence
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
cast	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100707936	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100705990	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100704495	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
cchcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
ddr1	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
ublcp1	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
rev3l	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
cog6	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100710174	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC106098181	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
kiaa0391	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
rnf114	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100698140	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
spata2	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
tcf19	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
zbtb12	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100711553	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100703896	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100695816	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100704422	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
egr1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
il16	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100690958	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC102080433	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
sfrp2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
scg3	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
tacr2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC102076104	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
ehf	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
fkbp4	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
aicda	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
aoc1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
ace	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
cacng6	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
dap3	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100695895	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
sigirr	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
stip1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100695146	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100701681	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
ube3c	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100699238	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
jund	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
c5	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100699513	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100701982	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
hsp90ab1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100694889	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
nrip2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
sfrp5	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
tbxa2r	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
trpv4	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
ada	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
arg2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
wisp1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
fsip1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100691382	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100706085	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100708359	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC102082036	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:asthma
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
blm	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
LOC100701327	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:cancer
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:cardiotoxicity, anthracycline-induced
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:cardiotoxicity, anthracycline-induced
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
p2ry2	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
slc1a5	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
slc4a4	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
LOC102080384	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
csk	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
gpank1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
rad18	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
rbl1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
rassf1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
aldh4a1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
capn9	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
comt	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ccna2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ccne1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
egf	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
fgfrl1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ghrh	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
itga7	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pdgfrb	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pdcd5	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100704394	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100708325	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
akap10	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100712516	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
dhx16	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
hus1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pop1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100693777	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100704495	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
camkk1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
casp2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ccnb1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ehmt1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100705927	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100702891	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pik3c2a	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ptpn13	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100694900	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100695146	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
atm	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
braf	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
poli	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
rev1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
rev3l	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
hif1an	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
lrmp	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
inppl1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
lats1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100702918	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100696183	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
perp	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100703854	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ret	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
slc22a16	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100695554	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
akap9	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100694365	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
atr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
bub1b	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
rb1cc1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
akr1a1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
chd1l	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
cdk5	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
dad1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
dusp23	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ehmt2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100700524	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
mtor	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
men1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
npy	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
rgs11	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
tert	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
tp53i3	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal adenocarcinoma
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:nelfinavir pharmacokinetics
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cxcl14	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ogt	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
rbl1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100692495	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
skp2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
bnc2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
chd5	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ccna2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100692470	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ccne1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ccng1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cdk2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cdkn2d	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100694607	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
crlf3	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
dusp5	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
egf	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC102079731	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC109194507	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100704787	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ifi35	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100704957	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100707153	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mthfs	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100698800	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mcm2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
panx1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
pdgfrb	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
plk1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100689871	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100698207	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
sord	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
spry1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100698412	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
atp1b2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
e2f3	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
e2f4	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100699085	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100693400	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100710634	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
wnt2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ctsk	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cul1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ccna1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ccnb1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100698323	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100692568	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100691064	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
galt	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
irf7	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mpi	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mki67	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
galnt1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
plod2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
p4ha2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
selenbp1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100710353	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
skap1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
bpnt1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100709975	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
braf	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
bub1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
tiparp	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
tnfaip6	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100700482	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cyr61	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
epcam	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100691607	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
eif4ebp2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ezr	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
fst	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
itgav	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mest	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
plat	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
podxl	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
prkra	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
tfdp1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
e2f1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
e2f2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
gata6	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100702312	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
wnt10b	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100695663	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cdc20	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cdc25b	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
wisp1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC109194384	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100708378	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
id2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
lamc1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mcm6	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
mlh3	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100699058	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
rsad2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
tert	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
comt	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
il10	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
top2a	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
kras	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
ace	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
mki67	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
braf	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100699246	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
agt	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
f5	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
kmt2a	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
p53	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic studies
LOC100704025	GAD_DISEASE:solid tumors
flt4	GAD_DISEASE:solid tumors
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:solid tumors
LOC100691027	GAD_DISEASE:Sweat Gland Diseases
LOC100691027	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
bbs4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pold1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100700725	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
fbxo10	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
fancd2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nuf2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100700723	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rad18	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rad23a	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rassf1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rassf5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
skp2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
stard3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
terf2ip	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tnfrsf14	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tox3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100710852	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdc27	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cetn3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ccne1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdk2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdkn2d	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
dctn5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
dnm2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
egf	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
espl1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ghrh	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
hsd11b2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
katnb1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100692292	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100707153	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mcm2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mcm5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mcm7	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
neurod2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
palb2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pin1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
plcg2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
plk1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100692331	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
snrpb	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100698207	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100699319	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100710302	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
spag5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100706212	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
txn2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tcap	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100705479	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tubg1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tubgcp4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100707594	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100697454	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
akap10	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
atp1b2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
blm	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
bub3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100706665	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
dmc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
top2a	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
topbp1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
fancf	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
hras	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nek10	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rad51d	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ranbp1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100711616	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100696284	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
shc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100701219	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ttk	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
wee1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
abraxas1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100702823	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ace	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ccnb1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100698323	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ckap5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ddb2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
eme1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ehmt1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100695225	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100711592	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ighmbp2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ins	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100708956	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100692643	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100702891	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mmp21	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
med1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100696254	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mlf2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100703866	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ncapd2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100695303	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pgap3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pot1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
reln	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100703384	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rpa2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
reck	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100704783	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100708185	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
stip1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100689712	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
stxbp4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
terf1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100689869	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100705716	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ube2i	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
uimc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100701327	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
atm	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
bub1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
dclre1c	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
polb	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pole	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
poli	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
polk	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ercc8	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
fancb	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
fancg	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
gen1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
jund	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ndc80	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nek2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nek7	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pinx1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
prdm10	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rabgap1l	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100701417	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rhobtb2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
agt	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100700482	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
aspm	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdc14a	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdc16	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cenpe	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdt1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
f5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
dmtf1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdk1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
clasp1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100693327	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100701982	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
katna1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
kif11	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
lats1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
lats2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mcm3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pak1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pld3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
plk2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
slc22a16	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100708147	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tubd1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tube1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
vcp	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ypel1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100692709	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
atr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
bub1b	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
emc1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
fance	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
lsm2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mok	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mus81	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100712021	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nek9	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100702312	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tpx2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
wrap53	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
acot13	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ajuba	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdc20	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdc25b	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
chdh	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
clspn	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100697195	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC109194384	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100689885	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ehmt2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100696847	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100707077	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100698819	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
hsd17b8	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100708122	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100693211	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mta1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mapre1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mcm4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mcm6	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mad2l1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mad2l2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mlh3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
nin	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
plk3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
plk4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
rpa3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
sts	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
trit1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tep1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tert	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tacc3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer
atp5mf	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
atp5po	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100709063	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
fancd2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufb6	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100708356	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
tub	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100696953	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
anxa2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
aptx	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100707845	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100695052	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
egf	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100699393	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
eefsec	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mrvi1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100704787	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100704957	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
lmtk2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mif	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mars	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
myh11	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
panx1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
palb2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pdf	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pcgf2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
galnt18	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
rpn1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100701195	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100704341	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
slc30a9	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
slc39a13	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100699319	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100710302	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
sart1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100706212	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
tcf20	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100707594	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
usp7	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
atp5f1a	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100689723	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100692352	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100693700	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
bccip	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ctdspl	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
dab2ip	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
etv1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100690520	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufa9	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufb8	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
nsmce2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100700713	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100706142	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
amacr	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ace	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
aifm1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
creb5	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
casr	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
cav2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100703716	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100696786	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
dap3	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ezh2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
echdc1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
fasn	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
hpn	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ins	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
med1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ncoa2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pik3c2a	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pgk1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pdia3	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
rmc1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
rhbdl2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
slc30a5	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
slc39a12	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
sdha	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100689712	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
tes	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100696021	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
tmprss2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
th	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100695425	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
zhx2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
atm	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
atp5f1c	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
poli	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ehbp1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
fancg	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100705999	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufaf2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufs1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufa10	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufa5	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufb2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100708544	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufs4	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufv3	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100692555	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pdlim5	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
relb	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
rmi1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ttll1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100694010	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
armc2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
chst11	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
chga	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
col4a2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100697423	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
fstl1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
hif1an	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100705058	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC112841721	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100702930	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mcat	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mut	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ncoa1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ncoa4	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pah	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pik3ap1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100690473	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
podxl	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
psap	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pacsin2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
rfx6	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
slc30a3	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
slc30a6	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
slc30a7	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100706809	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100708175	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ung	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
abce1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
atp5pf	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
atp5pb	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mtss1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufs2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufv2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufb5	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufb9	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufs5	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ndufs6	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
vps52	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100704055	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
ttpa	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
bcas1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
cideb	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100693121	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100704650	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100695618	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
fh	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
gnmt	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
cga	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100703423	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
inha	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100706678	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
pik3cd	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
sema3b	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
slc39a8	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
slc39a9	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
smc5	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
tert	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100705487	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer
LOC100693062	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100706367	GAD_DISEASE:depression
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:depression
vps33b	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100706281	GAD_DISEASE:depression
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:depression
ara	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:depression
aanat	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100703692	GAD_DISEASE:depression
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:depression
comt	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100702483	GAD_DISEASE:depression
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:depression
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:depression
nfil3	GAD_DISEASE:depression
nr1d1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:depression
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100699231	GAD_DISEASE:depression
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:depression
slc6a1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100697206	GAD_DISEASE:depression
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:depression
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:depression
rora	GAD_DISEASE:depression
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:depression
ace	GAD_DISEASE:depression
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:depression
bhlhe41	GAD_DISEASE:depression
cdh17	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:depression
crh	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100703716	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:depression
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:depression
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100697557	GAD_DISEASE:depression
myo3a	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:depression
rgma	GAD_DISEASE:depression
spr	GAD_DISEASE:depression
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100699467	GAD_DISEASE:depression
tcf4	GAD_DISEASE:depression
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:depression
bicc1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
pdlim5	GAD_DISEASE:depression
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
asmt	GAD_DISEASE:depression
agt	GAD_DISEASE:depression
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:depression
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:depression
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:depression
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:depression
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:depression
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:depression
pde1a	GAD_DISEASE:depression
pde9a	GAD_DISEASE:depression
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:depression
psmd9	GAD_DISEASE:depression
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depression
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:depression
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:depression
tsnax	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100696616	GAD_DISEASE:depression
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:depression
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100711715	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100707896	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:depression
clasp2	GAD_DISEASE:depression
dvl2	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:depression
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:depression
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
npy	GAD_DISEASE:depression
nfatc2	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:depression
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:depression
psmb4	GAD_DISEASE:depression
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:depression
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:depression
p53	GAD_DISEASE:depression
zeb2	GAD_DISEASE:depression
atp4b	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
efcab2	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
actb	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
asb7	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
aga	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
lg6h16orf45	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
dhrs3	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
inka2	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
LOC100702599	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
prrc1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
dnajb6	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
LOC100698512	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
gsx1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
lhx5	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
wwc1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
mgat1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
apbb1ip	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
LOC100707005	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
lztfl1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
ldlrad3	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
popdc3	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
zfat	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
krr1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
kin	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
lemd3	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
lg16h3orf38	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
cdk1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
dhrs12	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
dcbld2	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
drgx	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
fam43a	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
ing3	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
lnpk	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
podxl	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
tfdp1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
tmtc1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
LOC106096811	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
ddx20	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
afap1	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
aadat	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
dnm3	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
fam135b	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
LOC100707002	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
itgb8	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
pex10	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
syt14	GAD_DISEASE:monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (66-77)
atp1b4	GAD_DISEASE:thyrotoxic periodic paralysis
atp1b2	GAD_DISEASE:thyrotoxic periodic paralysis
LOC100692262	GAD_DISEASE:thyrotoxic periodic paralysis
LOC100694151	GAD_DISEASE:thyrotoxic periodic paralysis
LOC100694365	GAD_DISEASE:thyrotoxic periodic paralysis
cacna1s	GAD_DISEASE:thyrotoxic periodic paralysis
atad5	GAD_DISEASE:Craniofacial Abnormalities|Growth Disorders|Learning Disorders|Syndrome
crlf3	GAD_DISEASE:Craniofacial Abnormalities|Growth Disorders|Learning Disorders|Syndrome
tefm	GAD_DISEASE:Craniofacial Abnormalities|Growth Disorders|Learning Disorders|Syndrome
atp10b	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
LOC100694260	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
dkk2	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
atg5	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
thumpd2	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
LOC100690575	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
dner	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
prpf40a	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
slc37a1	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
arl6ip6	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
mgat5	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
bmp8a	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Natriuretic Factor
atp10b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
itk	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
LOC100692495	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
mtmr7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
LOC100709940	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
vat1l	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
arfgef1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
rspo2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
wdr45b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
ano3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
LOC100698126	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
lg7h12orf75	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
rdh10	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
LOC100708656	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
stau2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
ttc3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
bace1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
klhl29	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
lekr1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
lipt2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
maip1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
tmtc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
frmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
polr2k	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight Changes
atp10b	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100696871	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
arhgef38	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
wnt9b	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
zic3	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
abhd17c	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ablim3	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100694722	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
atxn7	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100691827	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
csnk2a2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
cenpp	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
lg6h4orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ell2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
eif4enif1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100705244	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
hipk3	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
inpp4b	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
igfbp7	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100704787	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC102076518	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
kif1bp	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
kif26b	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
lmtk2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100692423	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
mapk6	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
pam	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ror2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
rgs12	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
rcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
rnf111	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
slit2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
srpx2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC102079281	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100694597	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
tmem131l	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
uprt	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
vat1l	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100706170	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100691671	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
bmper	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
cript	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
dlgap5	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
epha5	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
garem1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC102080083	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
jakmip3	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
kiaa1958	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
lhx5	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
mpp7	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100701166	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
pou3f1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100710169	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
rassf6	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100694480	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
arhgap24	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
wdr7	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
adgrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ctif	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
cfap44	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
crispld1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100695060	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
dmgdh	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
dok6	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100704125	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100704141	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
meox2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
myrip	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
pappa	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC109194205	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100701993	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100696374	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
rnf19a	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
sema3a	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
sema3e	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
slc31a2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
snx16	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
tex47	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100695568	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100695266	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
oxct1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100694928	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
epha7	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
gpr85	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
hectd2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
lrp11	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
lmo3	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
lsm8	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100695037	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
polr3g	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
sphkap	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
tbc1d32	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
thumpd2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
atf2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
acsbg2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
agps	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
aasdhppt	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
adgb	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100704542	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ankrd44	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
dars	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
astn1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
atg4c	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100690575	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100710958	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100711833	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
cpm	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
clybl	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100708389	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
cand1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
cytip	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
eys	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100690703	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
glrx5	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
glra2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
gbf1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
hs6st3	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100695474	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100706964	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
lama2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
lrguk	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
mospd2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
fam129a	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ostf1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
plxna4	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
galnt13	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100711396	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ptprk	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100701131	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
sema3c	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
sipa1l2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100708706	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
slc2a13	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
slc35f3	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
sncaip	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ttf2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100697675	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
tmeff2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ung	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100704522	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
znf800	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
g2e3	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
jkamp	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
lima1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
mtss1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC109194311	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
six6	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
vrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
wdr13	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
abra	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
acbd6	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
bcas1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100702145	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ccdc50	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
eif4e2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
fam135b	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100703939	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100709447	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
gpd2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100693228	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
leprot	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
mdh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
mad2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100701233	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
pfdn4	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ppp1r9a	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
rtn4ip1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
scfd1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC102080396	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
slc10a7	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
spata18	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
syt14	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
tmem71	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
LOC100698085	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
zmynd11	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiography
atp10b	GAD_DISEASE:Respiration Disorders
rras2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiration Disorders
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Respiration Disorders
LOC100693345	GAD_DISEASE:Respiration Disorders
LOC100694480	GAD_DISEASE:Respiration Disorders
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Respiration Disorders
fancl	GAD_DISEASE:Respiration Disorders
vrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiration Disorders
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Respiration Disorders
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Respiration Disorders
rnd3	GAD_DISEASE:Respiration Disorders
atp8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC102077463	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
lg5h3orf67	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100707015	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
gpr139	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
rab40c	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
arhgef3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
srgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
terf2ip	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100695160	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
cbx4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100704422	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
eif3d	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
hs3st4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
igfbp7	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100707779	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
magi1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100697168	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
neil3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
npnt	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
pigq	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
pdcd2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
sfxn1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100697923	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100697206	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tk1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
trpm5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100709964	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100694769	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
fbxo15	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
heatr1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
ino80c	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100694611	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100708145	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
st8sia2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
stambpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100691622	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
armc3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100701446	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
cpq	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100709287	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
cadm2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100704838	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
faxc	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
glrx3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100696249	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100707241	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
nrn1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
ngdn	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100696776	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100698290	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
parp12	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
kcnj6	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100706976	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
rnls	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
srrt	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
slc12a9	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100689712	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tshz1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tex47	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100705177	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tmem135	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
znf516	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
zfpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
agpat5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
haao	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100694928	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
fbxl17	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
gpr45	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
rassf3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
sh3bp4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
wnt10a	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100710803	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100711833	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC102083004	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100693549	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
dph5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
fam149b1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
fabp7	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
lrmda	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
lnpk	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100703178	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC102078747	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
map3k5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
mtpn	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
ncoa1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100693986	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
prrx1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
pdcl3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC102083227	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100702638	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
galnt17	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
slc35f1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
slc35f3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
slc4a4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
sucnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100695257	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tmem200a	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tmem44	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tmem87b	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
trim67	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
brms1l	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100697355	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100697412	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
grpel1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC109194311	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
rbpms	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
ufsp1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
vrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
col25a1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
dmac1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
fndc9	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100534513	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100709447	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
erich1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
gpd2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
ing2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
klhl21	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100693120	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
mbd5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
pag1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
rnf182	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tmem131	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tmem268	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100700668	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
LOC100698085	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Rate
atp2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100698978	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
gpr151	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
aars2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100695948	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100689955	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
dchs2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
hdx	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100702599	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
mical2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
ttk	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
ythdf3	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100699889	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
sspn	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
ano6	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
fndc1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100694141	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
ksr2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
lrch1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
sncaip	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
ust	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100691636	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100708019	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
meaf6	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
agr2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
paip2b	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
pfdn4	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythrocytes
atp2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
cyld	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
pop4	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
atxn2l	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
brd7	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100703837	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
prickle2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
prrc1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
sema6d	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100702855	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100694111	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
eps8l2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100708145	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
lrrc61	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
slc39a12	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
snx7	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
stxbp4	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100694244	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
znf532	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100708019	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
csmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100700585	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
togaram1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
vrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC106097711	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100707988	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
syt4	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
tec	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
zgpat	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
atp2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Phenylalanine
atp2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
r3hdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC100690887	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
wdr1	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
adra1d	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
lg6h4orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
map9	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
ddit4	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
arhgap26	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
arhgef28	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
vstm2a	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
cdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
capsl	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
eci2	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
glrx3	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
ptprq	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC100708645	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
sntb1	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
vav3	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
arl15	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
alkal2	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC100691095	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
khdrbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
mycbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
pdzk1	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
lg12h9orf85	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC112842139	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
lama2	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
lrmda	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
lpgat1	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC109194170	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
mettl3	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC100698804	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
spata18	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
sntg1	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
LOC100697866	GAD_DISEASE:Uric Acid
atp2b2	GAD_DISEASE:serum metabolites
acads	GAD_DISEASE:serum metabolites
etfdh	GAD_DISEASE:serum metabolites
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:serum metabolites
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:serum metabolites
LOC100697206	GAD_DISEASE:serum metabolites
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:serum metabolites
plek	GAD_DISEASE:serum metabolites
LOC100698696	GAD_DISEASE:serum metabolites
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:serum metabolites
LOC109194170	GAD_DISEASE:serum metabolites
LOC100696627	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
cdk5rap1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ddx27	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
elmod2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC102078767	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ist1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
lysmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
nuf2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
sec11a	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
urb2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
aimp1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100694211	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
cse1l	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
coro2a	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
eif6	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
bbox1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100706459	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
irx3	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC102075836	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100697662	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
nfasc	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100693406	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
plxna1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100711684	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100705402	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100697078	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
syk	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100697470	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tenm3	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ttc17	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tcf12	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tgfbi	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
usp38	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
etv1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
fbxl13	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC102077381	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
mpp7	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
sec61g	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100710360	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tbx20	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
wdr36	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100707187	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100694482	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ctif	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
cpn1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100709287	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC109203822	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
colq	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
c9	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
cttnbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100707005	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100689762	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
lrrc8a	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100707965	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
mboat1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
megf11	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100707947	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ncs1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
olfm1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
kcnj6	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
pstpip2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
rgs9	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
rnf157	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100708185	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
strbp	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
smchd1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
susd1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
znf592	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
agpat4	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
commd10	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100690924	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
nbas	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
pcp4	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
six2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
zic5	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
aasdhppt	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
adgb	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
cachd1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100711833	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100700804	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
clybl	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ccdc172	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
cog6	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
edar	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
enpp5	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
esd	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100705058	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
lekr1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100703178	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100697641	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
mrps33	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ostf1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100696183	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
psat1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100690065	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100702877	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
nalcn	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
syndig1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
uhrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
zbtb18	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
alms1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
bet1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
dlgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
dlgap3	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100694205	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
patj	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
rbm46	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
rabggta	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100692884	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
sugp1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
vrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
bcas1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100701150	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
chsy1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100695844	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
enpp4	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100689759	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
fam221a	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
fam43b	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100698043	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC102078936	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
klhl14	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
lrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
med10	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
mtcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
mrpl3	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
myo10	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100701233	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
plek2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
selenos	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
slc8a3	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
syt4	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tent4a	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
ttc7b	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
tra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Iron
LOC100698516	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
bcdin3d	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
mtch2	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
stk33	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
LOC100698894	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
tra2b	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
LOC100701601	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
LOC100707983	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass index
LOC100698516	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
bcdin3d	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
fto	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
mgat1	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
LOC100698894	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
tra2b	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
LOC100701601	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
LOC100707983	GAD_DISEASE:weight 
atrip	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
uvssa	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
cars	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
nthl1	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
sdad1	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
shc1	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
adgrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100698730	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
atg5	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
lg8h7orf50	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100700292	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
slc38a10	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
th	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
znf516	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100691726	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100695405	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
nrde2	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
st3gal3	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100689902	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:Longevity
atrip	GAD_DISEASE:Prion Diseases
LOC100709874	GAD_DISEASE:Prion Diseases
adamts14	GAD_DISEASE:Prion Diseases
pop1	GAD_DISEASE:Prion Diseases
mfhas1	GAD_DISEASE:Prion Diseases
parm1	GAD_DISEASE:Prion Diseases
rida	GAD_DISEASE:Prion Diseases
sema3a	GAD_DISEASE:Prion Diseases
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Prion Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Prion Diseases
LOC100700973	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
barx1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
ahcy	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100697339	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100704516	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100692331	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
rspo3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
rwdd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100711981	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100707450	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100696374	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
prune1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
sppl3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
tmem38b	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100695425	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
nt5dc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
ephb3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100690053	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
sash1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100701983	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
wsb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
armt1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
armc2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100698351	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100693327	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100694773	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
hsf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
hs3st5	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
lama4	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
mtrf1l	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
ostm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
prrx1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
rnf217	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
serinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
slc2a12	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
snx3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
tcf21	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
gipc2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
pdss2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
qrsl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100701233	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
pax9	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
gart	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
pkn2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
sumo1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Tooth Abnormalities
LOC100700973	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
fat1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
mcf2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
vps37a	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
arnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
coro2b	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
clnk	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
eif4enif1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
itga11	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
mmd	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
prom1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
pcdh20	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
rnf207	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
sfrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
srsf3	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
cnot1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
klf4	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
mpp7	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
asah2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
pou4f3	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100708145	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
arhgap24	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
arhgap25	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
wnt11	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
adgrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
aoc1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100691753	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
cacna1g	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
cpa6	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
cpq	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
onecut2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100708685	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
ptprq	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
tmprss15	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
xylb	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100691860	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
ddx10	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
ddx59	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
hddc2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
ino80d	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100708975	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
rasgrf2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100690303	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
cep85l	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
cmss1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
col8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
dcbld2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
epb41l2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC102081076	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
hmcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
man1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
msrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
nxph2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100693986	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
rprm	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
rps24	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100710985	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100694365	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
c1qtnf7	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
top2b	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100697412	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
rasl11a	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
arhgef10	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
adcy8	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100710500	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100700099	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100709960	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
mad2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
pfdn4	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
ppp2r5e	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
usp24	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiography
LOC100700973	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
gpank1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
pxk	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
srcin1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100703692	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
dxo	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100698897	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
pfdn6	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100702836	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
stk19	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
slc5a11	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100693558	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
dhx16	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
gnl1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
hecw1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
phrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100699818	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
prdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
abhd16a	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100701446	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100710962	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
cchcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
ddr1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100710257	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
irf7	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
kcp	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100710516	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100692904	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100694706	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
slc15a4	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
ube2l3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
vars	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
cwc22	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
ets1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
ikzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
rasgrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
sox2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
sfmbt2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100689849	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
fam167a	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100694141	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
hip1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC106098181	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
plxna4	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
sapcd1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100694590	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
tfec	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
tnpo3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
treh	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
abcf1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
lck	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
ddah2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100712111	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
lsm2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100711419	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
znrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100701247	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
vps52	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
wdr46	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
abt1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
atat1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC102079080	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
clic1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
daxx	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
etnppl	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
ehmt2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
gtf2h4	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
hsd17b8	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100707121	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC109197803	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
mrps18b	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
nelfe	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
neu1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
nrm	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
ppp1r11	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
ppp1r10	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC102079195	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
pum1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
rps18	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100700616	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100698140	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100704279	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100698426	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
slc44a4	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
tmx1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100697521	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
tcf19	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
vars2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
zbtb12	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
zbtb22	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
b9d2	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Inflammation|Kidney Diseases
bcl7a	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100699619	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC102078255	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
fadd	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
tnfrsf14	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100698833	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
tradd	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
blm	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
cd79a	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
cd79b	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
aicda	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
casp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
nfrkb	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
rag2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
relb	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100704346	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
casp8ap2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
bcl10	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100704168	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
rela	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
gpx2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
ripk1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
tp53i3	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
bcl7a	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100699619	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
lmo2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
aicda	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
bcl10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100704168	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
ripk1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
tp53i3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
bcl7a	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100699619	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC102078255	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100699812	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
fadd	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100702054	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100697443	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
thoc6	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tnfrsf14	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100698833	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tradd	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100700051	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
ankrd49	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100706692	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
cenpm	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100709652	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC102080054	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
miip	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
mcub	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
mrpl4	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
pla2g12a	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
primpol	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
pus10	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
slc25a48	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
trpm5	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
decr1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
blm	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
cd79b	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100709295	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
lmo2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tapbpl	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
aicda	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
casp2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
chmp7	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
clcn1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
nfrkb	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
pabpn1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
p3h3	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
rag2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100689943	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tmem45b	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
clasrp	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
clptm1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
cwf19l1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
prdm10	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
rab15	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
rel	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
relb	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
rhobtb2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100704346	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
abhd13	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
casp8ap2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
lg17h1orf52	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
wdr66	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
gja10	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
gbf1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
hsp90ab1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
mdn1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
ppp1r13l	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
rmdn3	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
slc35b2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
sf3b6	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tcte1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tmem151b	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
kdsr	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
bcl10	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
ndufb3	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100704168	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
rela	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
polr2e	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100696501	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tnfsf12	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tpx2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
espn	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
gpx2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
klc1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
manba	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
mcm4	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
map3k2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
plekhg5	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
ripk1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100691037	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
sdf4	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
tp53i3	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
p53	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
zfyve21	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
znf830	GAD_DISEASE:benzene haematotoxicity
LOC100705784	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
cxxc4	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
smyd3	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
eefsec	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
htt	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
insyn1	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100704787	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
lmtk2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100696074	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
stx18	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
tsen2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
tpcn2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
znf652	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ctdspl	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
fcho2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
insc	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
xkr9	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
cadm2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
cbln1	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
cchcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100711179	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ggcx	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100707005	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
kif13a	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100710516	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
pip4k2a	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
robo4	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
snx16	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100695146	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100694244	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
th	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
vti1a	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
vwde	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
cdc42ep3	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
cwc22	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ehbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
flvcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
pdlim5	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
upf2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100697399	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
dpf1	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100534555	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
dusp10	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
eys	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
fgf10	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100702862	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
mmadhc	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100712246	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
rfx6	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100693734	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ttc4	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
vgll3	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ctdp1	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ablim2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
bhlhe23	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
kiaa1211	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ccdc178	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
dmac1	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
dnah12	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
dysf	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
gjd2	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100693897	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100708466	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
tpd52	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100698085	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Neoplasms
bcdin3d	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
fto	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
il10	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
lin7c	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
mtch2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
ace	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
LOC100704945	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
LOC100698894	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
LOC100707983	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Type 2 diabetes
bcdin3d	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
fto	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
mtch2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
stk33	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
ace	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
LOC100702022	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
gbe1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
LOC100699238	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
myb	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
tra2b	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
LOC100701601	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
LOC100707983	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
ctnnbl1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|asthma
bcdin3d	GAD_DISEASE:waist circumference
fto	GAD_DISEASE:waist circumference
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:waist circumference
LOC100709063	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC100693148	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
zic3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
dchs2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
dkk2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
itgb6	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
lpcat2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
pla2r1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC100708550	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC100697470	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
erc1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
gadl1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC100702251	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
laptm4b	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC106097889	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
kcnv1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
flvcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
naa35	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
ankrd44	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
lg16h3orf38	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
eys	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
kpna4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
map10	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
lrp12	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC100694149	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
erich1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
spata18	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC100707859	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
usp24	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factors
LOC100709063	GAD_DISEASE:Pyloric Stenosis, Hypertrophic
sik3	GAD_DISEASE:Pyloric Stenosis, Hypertrophic
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Pyloric Stenosis, Hypertrophic
sucnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Pyloric Stenosis, Hypertrophic
LOC100699619	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
bcl2l12	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
bag4	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
bnip2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100692352	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
blm	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
casp2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
rag2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
bag3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
bnip3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
bag1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
bag5	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
dffb	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
gpx2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
bend4	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
evc2	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100708296	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
ablim3	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100712043	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
fam114a1	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100697168	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
pld5	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
rims4	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100712516	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100710479	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
pou6f2	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
arhgef28	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
vps41	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
gdf10	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
rreb1	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100701554	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
tmem135	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
zfpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100534432	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
lg16h3orf38	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
cfap299	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
itgbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100704397	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
sos2	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100710500	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
nfatc2	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
ralbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
rplp1	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic Factors
brap	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
slc7a11	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
gadl1	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
LOC100708685	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
cog6	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
nup37	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
ttc21b	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
ttll7	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Alanine Transaminase
brap	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Myocardial Infarction
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Myocardial Infarction
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Myocardial Infarction
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Myocardial Infarction
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Myocardial Infarction
brap	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal cancer
brk1	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Cerebellar Neoplasms|Hemangioblastoma|Kidney Neoplasms|Pheochromocytoma|Retinal Neoplasms|von Hippel-Lindau Disease
bbs4	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome obesity
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome obesity
bbs2	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome obesity
mkks	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome obesity
bbs7	GAD_DISEASE:Bardet-Biedl Syndrome
nxnl1	GAD_DISEASE:Bardet-Biedl Syndrome
ccdc28b	GAD_DISEASE:Bardet-Biedl Syndrome
ttc8	GAD_DISEASE:Bardet-Biedl Syndrome
btk	GAD_DISEASE:Agammaglobulinemia|Genetic Diseases, X-Linked
btk	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
ccr7	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
cxcl14	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
csk	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
nox1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
nox5	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100697553	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100708296	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100690332	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
il10	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
kars	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100692379	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
ppia	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
pik3r5	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
plcd3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
plcg2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100695800	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
kras	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100709943	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
ace	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100712562	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
cul5	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
duox1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100708542	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
mapk10	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100702235	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100695303	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
plcd1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100712402	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100691860	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
nox4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100701417	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
sdccag8	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
traf4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100703676	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100700904	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
pak1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
plcd4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
ptk2b	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
p2ry2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100696446	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100697412	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
hck	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100711419	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
rock1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
slain2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
traf3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100705711	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100706560	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
LOC100710923	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
pik3cd	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
plcb2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
plcb3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
plcg1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
tec	GAD_DISEASE:HIV
btk	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
sh2d1a	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
xiap	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
aicda	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
rag2	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
dclre1c	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
LOC100696736	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
ung	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
was	GAD_DISEASE:Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
btk	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
csk	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
fes	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
LOC100706201	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
syk	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
LOC102080396	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
btk	GAD_DISEASE:agammaglobulinemia
ccr7	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100705049	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
naa25	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
adad1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
dxo	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
fgf4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
stk19	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
suox	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100696287	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
gab3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
capsl	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
cux2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100694706	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
th	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
efr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
lpar3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
prkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
fosl2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
rasgrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
dnah2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
psmg2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100698140	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
smim20	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
slc44a4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
zbtb12	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
ccr7	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
poll	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
fadd	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100692495	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
capn9	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
cdc6	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
cenpf	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
cpeb1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
fgf4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
mcm5	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
pdgfrb	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100708339	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
top2a	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
n4bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
rad1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100710134	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
casp2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
ezh2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
eno2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
itgb4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100710516	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
slc28a1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
cxcr5	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
dclre1c	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
pole	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
poli	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
rev1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
rev3l	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100699569	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
cdc45	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
esco2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
fkrp	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
itga4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
prkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
atr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
brms1l	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
bub1b	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100705541	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
e2f2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
farp2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100704397	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
rcan3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
traf3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100707077	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
mcm4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
orc3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
orc4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
ppp2r5e	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
rcan1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
rplp1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
trmt44	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
ccr7	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus sclerosis, systemic SjogrenQs syndrome
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS
tgfbrap1	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS
pisd	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
tgfbrap1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
LOC100711869	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
pitx1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
znrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; multiple sclerosis; HIV
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity
sfrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity
LOC100704490	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100704422	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
aicda	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
tbxa2r	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100691382	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Carotid Stenosis
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Osteoporosis|Stroke
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Inflammation|Stroke
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Inflammation|Stroke
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Inflammation|Stroke
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Inflammation|Stroke
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Inflammation|Stroke
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Inflammation|Stroke
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Inflammation|Stroke
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Inflammation|Stroke
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Inflammation|Stroke
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Inflammation|Stroke
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Inflammation|Stroke
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lymphatic Metastasis|Mouth Neoplasms
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lymphatic Metastasis|Mouth Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lymphatic Metastasis|Mouth Neoplasms
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lymphatic Metastasis|Mouth Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lymphatic Metastasis|Mouth Neoplasms
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Central Nervous System Tumors|HIV Infections|Lymphoma, AIDS-Related|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Central Nervous System Tumors|HIV Infections|Lymphoma, AIDS-Related|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Central Nervous System Tumors|HIV Infections|Lymphoma, AIDS-Related|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Inflammation|Trachoma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Inflammation|Trachoma
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Inflammation|Trachoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Inflammation|Trachoma
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Inflammation|Trachoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Inflammation|Trachoma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Inflammation|Trachoma
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Inflammation|Trachoma
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Inflammation|Trachoma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Inflammation|Trachoma
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
dmxl2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100701355	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100705483	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100708833	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
taf3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
ap3b1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
mki67	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100705080	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100697952	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
vti1a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
heatr5b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
hps1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
mia3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100692432	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
wdr31	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
cog2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100702543	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691607	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
mcm10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
mrps6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
mras	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
mlf1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
slc5a3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
s1pr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
adamts1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
wdr12	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
wdr55	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100698426	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
ppia	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
znrd1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
aph1a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Pregnancy Complications, Infectious|Viremia|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Sexually Transmitted Diseases
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Substance Abuse, Intravenous|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Tuberculosis
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV disease progression
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV infection
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV infection
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV infection; hepatitis C infection
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV leukoencephalopathy
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV; HIV disease progression
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:HIV; myocardial infarction
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B
LOC100712562	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Venous Thromboembolism
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Venous Thromboembolism
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Venous Thromboembolism
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Venous Thromboembolism
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Venous Thromboembolism
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
fadd	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
pxk	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tradd	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
phrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
irf7	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
lrrc20	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
lpar1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
ptpn6	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
fli1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100705478	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
fam167a	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
lck	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100711419	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tnfsf12	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
psmg2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100698544	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
cpq	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100697557	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
th	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100698963	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
hcrtr2	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100707847	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
prdm16	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
top3a	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100704394	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100702935	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
blm	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100706374	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
dck	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
megf11	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
poli	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
rmi1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
mgat4a	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ppp1r13l	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
atr	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
prdm16	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
dmc1	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
LOC100706142	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
LOC100690053	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
pcmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
usp9x	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
LOC100696877	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
spo11	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
inha	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
msh4	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Skin Ulcer
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:coronary disease
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:coronary disease
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:coronary disease
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:coronary disease
mia3	GAD_DISEASE:coronary disease
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary disease
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:coronary disease
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:coronary disease
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:coronary disease
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
fadd	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
taf5l	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
ara	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
hsd11b2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
il10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
neurod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
pdcd2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
psmb1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100702935	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100704398	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
ace	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
gng10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
gal	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
ins	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
mtpap	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
pdx1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100705611	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
th	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
ets1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
sel1l	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100693415	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
agt	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100702684	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
gck	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100704607	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
galnt3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100707716	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100701247	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
ada	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
aire	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
daxx	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
pygl	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1; thyroid disease, autoimmune
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
mrc2	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
prom1	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
met	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
chfr	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
mki67	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
parp4	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
mnat1	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
recql4	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
nhej1	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
rnf2	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
npc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
scap	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
insig1	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:hematopoietic progenitor cells, mobilization of
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC102077463	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100710037	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
egf	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
fgl1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
il16	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100711365	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
cabin1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
ap1b1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100691607	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
ada	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:human T lymphotropic virus type I infection
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:increased perinatal immunodeficiency virus type 1 transmission
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:laryngeal Cancer
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, myeloid
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, myeloid
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, myeloid
kras	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, myeloid
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, myeloid
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, myeloid
kmt2a	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, myeloid
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer liver disease
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:liver transplantation, immunosuppression after
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:liver transplantation, immunosuppression after
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
cdk2	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
top2a	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
ace	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
atm	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:multiple Sclerosis
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
agt	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
f5	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
plat	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
atr	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
npr1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
palld	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
tpo	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction (early onset)
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction (early onset)
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction (early onset)
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction (early onset)
mia3	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction (early onset)
mrps6	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction (early onset)
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction (early onset)
wdr12	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction (early onset)
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction (early onset)
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:pelvic inflammatory disease
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:proliferative diabetic retinopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:proliferative diabetic retinopathy
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:proliferative diabetic retinopathy
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:stromal derived factor
LOC100709445	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
pxk	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
anp32b	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
dusp1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100703537	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC102076104	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
phrf1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
prdm1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
ace	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
atg5	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100692904	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
ptpn13	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
ptpn6	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
slc15a4	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
socs6	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
ube2l3	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
ets1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
hic2	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
ikzf1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
rasgrp3	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
fam167a	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
tnpo3	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
lck	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
faf1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC109197803	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus
cxcl14	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
hdc	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100711365	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tacr2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tacr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC102076104	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
irf9	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100695496	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
il13ra2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100702221	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100696736	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
cxcl14	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
hdc	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100711365	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tacr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tacr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC102076104	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
pdlim4	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
irf9	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100695496	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
il13ra2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
p4ha2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100702221	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100696736	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral|Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
cxcl14	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100694598	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
gprc5b	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
gprc5a	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100696126	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100698833	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100704746	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
aqp9	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100691361	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
pdgfrb	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100710503	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100692191	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
slc12a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100707797	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100705836	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
slc6a11	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
slc6a5	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100704529	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100689797	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
slc7a9	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100709284	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100699319	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
stc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100702108	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
grk6	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100710479	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
met	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100704579	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
phex	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100709539	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100690126	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
kcnj6	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100692894	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100709187	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
slc27a4	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
slc4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100699559	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100710487	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
vipr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
gpr39	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
b3gnt3	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100694010	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
fgf10	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
nphp1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
ostf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC102078176	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
slc1a4	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100708706	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100693193	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
trappc10	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
hgfac	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100699754	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100692669	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
bmp8a	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
cacna1d	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100702145	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
cacna1s	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
ntsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100704279	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100706083	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
LOC100708625	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
slco2a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary
cxcl14	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C; liver cancer
LOC100710479	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C; liver cancer
cxcl14	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100692145	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
rhobtb3	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100693466	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
sp2	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
egf	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100708334	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100690920	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
glrb	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100707779	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100698897	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100699462	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
rpl12	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
smpd2	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100691671	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100694769	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
acer3	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100696786	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
eci2	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
ldlrad4	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100695303	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
prickle1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
pdia4	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
pgghg	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
rpl28	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
rps9	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
txndc5	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
atp5f1c	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100708544	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100702846	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
kera	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
lacc1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
pappa2	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
phyh	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
plk2	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
ptpro	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
adamts5	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
atp5pb	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
ndufaf1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
tril	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
aatf	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
gpnmb	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
lamc1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
matn1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
LOC102082014	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
rpl15	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
rps18	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
tpd52	GAD_DISEASE:kidney aging
cxcl14	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
hdc	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
il16	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100711365	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
tacr2	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
tacr3b	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC102076104	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
irf9	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100695496	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
il13ra2	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100702221	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100696736	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
socs2	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis
csk	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
cplx3	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
LOC100696074	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
ulk3	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
znf652	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
LOC100699198	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
ulk4	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
arid5b	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
prdm8	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
cfap299	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
fgf5	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
LOC100692672	GAD_DISEASE:Diastolic blood pressure
csk	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100696126	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100708834	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100701639	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100708296	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100704669	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100691722	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
adcy7	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC102082008	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
hdac3	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
hdac5	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
il10	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
mmp19	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100697722	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
pcdh12	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
rgs12	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100696035	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100702556	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
creb5	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100708638	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100695758	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100702757	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
crh	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
gal	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100702891	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
ncoa2	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
nr0b2	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100702079	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100705119	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
creb3l2	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
crebl2	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
cpm	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
c5	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100701982	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
hat1	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
hdac2	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
ncoa1	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
ptgir	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100707567	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100696616	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100710985	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100711715	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100691799	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100696367	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100700997	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
pln	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
plcb2	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
plcb3	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC109196048	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:bronchodilator response
ctbp1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
LOC100695816	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
LOC100703873	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
xylt2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
nedd4l	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
alpk2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
pign	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
znf236	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
znf407	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
mok	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
phlpp1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
adnp	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
vps4b	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease|
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease|
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease|
LOC100696287	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease|
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease|
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease|
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Anti-Neutrophil Cytoplasmic Antibody-Associated Vasculitis|
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Anti-Neutrophil Cytoplasmic Antibody-Associated Vasculitis|
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:Anti-Neutrophil Cytoplasmic Antibody-Associated Vasculitis|
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Anti-Neutrophil Cytoplasmic Antibody-Associated Vasculitis|
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Anti-Neutrophil Cytoplasmic Antibody-Associated Vasculitis|
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Anti-Neutrophil Cytoplasmic Antibody-Associated Vasculitis|
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Multiple Sclerosis
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Multiple Sclerosis
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Celiac Disease|
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Celiac Disease|
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|IgA Deficiency
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|IgA Deficiency
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
naa25	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
pxk	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100711365	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
phrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
atg5	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
irf7	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
ica1	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
ube2l3	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
xkr6	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
scube1	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
lck	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100711419	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
nmnat2	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
LOC100691616	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
park7	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
adad1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
mmel1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
LOC100695800	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
ube2l3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
ets1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
itga4	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
plek	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
ptprk	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
LOC100701131	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
runx3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
zfp36l1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac disease
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Myocardial Infarction
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Multiple Sclerosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Multiple Sclerosis
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Multiple Sclerosis
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Multiple Sclerosis
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Immunoglobulin A
dgkz	GAD_DISEASE:Immunoglobulin A
LOC100692650	GAD_DISEASE:Immunoglobulin A
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Immunoglobulin A
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Immunoglobulin A
sem1	GAD_DISEASE:Immunoglobulin A
LOC100689759	GAD_DISEASE:Immunoglobulin A
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
fbxl20	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
capsl	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
LOC100701990	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
LOC100695849	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
slc4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
ddx6	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
tnpo3	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
nab1	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
mphosph9	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100699040	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100701639	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100698682	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
tbc1d2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100698833	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
vapb	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
asic1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
adad1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
dchs2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100703874	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100697787	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
mettl1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100701746	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
pld5	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
kcnip1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
syk	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
sumf1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
trim2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
asap1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100693700	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100690604	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100704398	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
dhx16	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
met	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
wdr7	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
eomes	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100710257	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
hspb1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
mlana	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
popdc3	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100696665	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
rdh10	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
stau2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
svil	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
trpa1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
tmem135	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100705716	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
vdac1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
haao	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100691860	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
cxcr5	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
cuedc1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
kank1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100707481	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100705478	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
mpv17l2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
sdccag8	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
st8sia1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
sae1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
axdnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
batf	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100693753	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
ece2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
eps15l1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
grem2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC106098181	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
kmo	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
lekr1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
opn3	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
ostf1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
plek	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
pcsk5	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
psmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
rgs7	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100691710	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100693193	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
slc30a7	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
spef2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
ahi1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
bcl10	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
cpamd8	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
ndufs2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100693614	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
nubpl	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
zfp36l1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
als2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
dthd1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100700149	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100689885	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
evi5	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
ehmt2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
fh	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
kif1b	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
manba	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
nelfe	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
ppp1r11	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100700425	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
slc44a4	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
tcf19	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
zbtb12	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
zbtb46	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
gins3	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
ndrg4	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
LOC100711670	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
zc3h7a	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
cnot1	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
cep85l	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
LOC100693986	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
LOC102083227	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
slc35f1	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
LOC100695257	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
LOC100694365	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
acot7	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
nphp4	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
pln	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
plekhg5	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
itk	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
dnah5	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
slc25a46	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
entpd6	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
abl2	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
LOC100708054	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100705049	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
naa25	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
smad1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100706145	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
bnc2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
b4galnt1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
cdk2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
cars	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
il10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
suox	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
xylt2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100696287	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
polg	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100698515	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
add2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
ace	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
capsl	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
ins	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
miox	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100694706	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100707274	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
twnk	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
frmd3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
agt	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
c5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100710174	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
fam167a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
lpar3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100704607	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100690207	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
slc29a3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
ddah2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC106096427	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
rasgrp1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
aire	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC109196322	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
clic1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
dlk1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
gsc	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100691451	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100700616	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100698140	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
tada1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
pold1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100707015	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mphosph9	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mpg	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rad23a	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100693466	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
spg7	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
xab2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100691827	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
comt	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
cep112	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100695816	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
dusp1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
helz	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
h6pd	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
kif21b	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mettl1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
nthl1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100692112	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ptpra	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
smug1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
sumf1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
tmem39a	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100699587	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
adamts14	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
asap1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100699837	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100704398	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
polg	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mms19	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rad51d	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rad54b	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
zic1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
casp2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100695758	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
c6	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100709337	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ddb2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
eme1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
gtf2h1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
irf9	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ghr	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100703866	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100696665	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100703384	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rpa2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rgma	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
spart	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
tdg	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
tbata	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
th	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
vav2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
dclre1c	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
polb	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
pole	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ercc8	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
kank1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
pou2af1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100701586	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
gtf2h5	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
hspd1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
itga4	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
pnkp	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
pnpt1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
prkra	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rfc5	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
slc25a36	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
spast	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
alk	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
asap2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mnat1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mus81	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
nipa1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100702312	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mgat5	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
apex2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
atl1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100700149	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100689885	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
evi5	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
eif2b5	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
gtf2h4	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100698183	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
kif1b	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100691451	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
nhej1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
plcg1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC109196048	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
parp2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rfc2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rfc4	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
rpa3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100700425	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
slc44a4	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC100709328	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
LOC102082036	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis
clec16a	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
LOC100705049	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
naa25	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
rmi2	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
cdk2	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
il10	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
suox	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
LOC100696287	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
LOC100698515	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
capsl	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
ins	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
rnls	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
trafd1	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
dio3	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
lpar3	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
LOC106096427	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
rasgrp1	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
dlk1	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 diabetes
clec3a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100701321	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
rab28	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100690481	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
ythdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
ankrd50	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
cenpm	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
ccne1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100704422	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
drp2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
elp4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
lmtk2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
melk	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
megf10	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
neil3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
nxf1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
pam	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100704048	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
tcf12	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
zdhhc15	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100694629	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
znf277	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100706143	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
mybl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
aass	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
atrnl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100694789	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
lg7h18orf54	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
gadl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
mast4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100704335	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
plpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
rgma	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
sema3a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC106096419	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
slc35b4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100690689	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100697801	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
zeb1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
znf438	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
zfpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100695266	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
abi3bp	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
fbxl17	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
khdrbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
rasgrf2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
st6gal2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100702161	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
ankrd13a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100710958	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
bmp5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
exoc4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
gucy1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100702930	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
nxph2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
ppp1r12a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
scel	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
lg12h9orf84	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100697378	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
slc35f1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
ufd1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100702043	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
mis18bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100693614	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
vps50	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
amph	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
angpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
cdc73	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100695618	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100689759	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
fam177a1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC106098048	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
txndc16	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
LOC100694732	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weights and Measures
c1galt1c1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
st6galnac2	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
il10	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
ace	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
neu1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, IgA
LOC100705049	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|melanoma|Vitiligo
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|melanoma|Vitiligo
rere	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|melanoma|Vitiligo
LOC100705049	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
mtf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
pde8b	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
vav3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
dio3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
sacs	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
dio1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
zbtb10	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism
LOC100705049	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
lg5h12orf10	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
coro2a	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
foxp1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
nudt6	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
LOC100699911	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
atp8b1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
LOC100709495	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
uvrag	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
ddr1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
hunk	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
ica1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
txndc5	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
clec11a	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
fgfr1op	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
foxd3	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
kcnk12	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
rere	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
slc44a4	GAD_DISEASE:Vitiligo
cbfa2t3	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
dtd1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100707015	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
mcf2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100703081	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
ssu72	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100708151	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100706199	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100694649	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
vps33b	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
xpnpep3	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
acer2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
chst1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
ciao3	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
ell2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
fah	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100708712	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100690686	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
kif16b	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100534525	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100697018	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
nucks1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
panx1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
pde8a	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100697078	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100698818	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100704529	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
suclg2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100697206	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
trappc11	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100704597	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
fam20a	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
hps4	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
nhp2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
pbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
pdzd2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100706384	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
sap30l	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100708243	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
abhd5	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
asphd2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
atrnl1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
ctif	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
lg7h12orf75	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100699240	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100706356	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
osbpl3	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100701954	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
pde6c	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
kcnj15	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
kcnj6	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100712261	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
rims2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
rpp30	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
snx10	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
sntb1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
tshz1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
tspan18	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
tmem108	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100697685	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
tmem135	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
ttll11	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
usp45	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100698253	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
vkorc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100693789	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
abi3bp	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100691860	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
btbd3	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
dnajc15	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
eya4	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100693232	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
sh3bp4	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
tnfrsf21	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
creg2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100694141	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100695542	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
klhl42	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
lrpprc	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
man1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
mrps18a	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
nxph2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
plekha2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100696994	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100711396	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
prr16	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
rgs7	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
rnf8	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
scube1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100693734	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
tfip11	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
bet1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
clip4	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
rnd3	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
uap1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
ajap1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC109195519	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
cbln4	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100710713	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
hs2st1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100693228	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC102079807	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
med11	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100709574	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100691436	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
map3k2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100705157	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
ncstn	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
LOC100697118	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
sfpq	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
syt14	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
tent4a	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
triqk	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Recurrence
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Myocardial ischemia|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid
pdgfrb	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
spi1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
LOC100712516	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
ddr1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
slc28a1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
rasa1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
kmt2a	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Multiple Myeloma|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Recurrence
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Recurrence
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Recurrence
rasa1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Recurrence
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Recurrence
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Recurrence
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Recurrence
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
cyr61	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100696871	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
prelid3b	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100708296	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100699015	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100704669	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
aptx	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
cpne7	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
mgst2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
map2k4	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
stx18	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC102083309	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
atp1b2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
atp8b1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
bcar1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100693700	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
hras	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
met	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
poc1b	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100711777	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100693777	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
ctif	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
chst3	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
cttnbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100707005	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
lpar1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
myo1d	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
prex2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
rnf43	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
tvp23b	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
polb	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
epha3	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
nf2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
recql	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100711565	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
fam204a	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100698267	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
fnbp1l	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
impg2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
nr5a2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100700848	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
smo	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
sgms1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
syndig1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
atr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
borcs8	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
ndfip2	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
riok1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
smoc1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
ankrd12	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100709502	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100697324	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
cdc73	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
dapk3	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC102078517	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
kif26a	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100711622	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
men1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
mrps9	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100705157	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
kcnh8	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:acute myeloid leukemia
kmt2a	GAD_DISEASE:acute myeloid leukemia
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:acute myeloid leukemia
faf1	GAD_DISEASE:acute myeloid leukemia
cebpa	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
fes	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
LOC100692331	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
kras	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
LOC109194259	GAD_DISEASE:myeloid leukemia
cnot6	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
ctr9	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
lrp4	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
rapgef2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
arhgef3	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
ssu72	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100698400	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
uso1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
blzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
clcn7	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100707016	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
ghrh	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100702836	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
slc26a2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100697102	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
zbtb40	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
tiprl	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
aagab	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100697270	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
ctsk	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
dok6	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100689762	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100709000	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
sost	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
sfrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100708645	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100699467	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
tex47	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
impad1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
dcaf6	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
fbxo5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
gpr161	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100697803	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
tbc1d8	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100710958	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
ca8	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
col24a1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
cand1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
ildr2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC112841721	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
mettl18	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
mpc2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
plekhg1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100711396	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
pibf1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
pdia6	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
vgll3	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100694365	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
nme7	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
scyl3	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100695369	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100699250	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
aldh7a1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC109194280	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
rere	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
cdc73	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
dpt	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
egln3	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
fam135b	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100703939	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
hspa4l	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
mgst3	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
mark3	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
mapre2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100712257	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100699058	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
spp2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
slc19a2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
tada1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
tpd52	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
LOC100698935	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis
cd276	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
dram2	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
cept1	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
mif	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
znf827	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
atp8b1	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
nedd4l	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
LOC100695036	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
LOC100690118	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
bcl7b	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
myo1b	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
LOC100703653	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
dpm3	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
LOC100692806	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamyltransferase
LOC102077463	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
emc8	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
fancd2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
gper1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
ndufa6	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
ran	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
setd1a	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
smad1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
sp1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100707235	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
xiap	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100699905	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100710189	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
ezh1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100702483	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
pdgfc	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
plk1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100694444	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
sirt3	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100698207	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
txn2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
atp5f1a	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100709019	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100689723	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
dgcr8	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
rad51d	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100704495	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
wnt11	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100705401	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100706140	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
casp2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
cav2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
ddb2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100695719	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100699299	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
ghitm	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100703384	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100694900	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100692924	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
bag3	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
polh	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
sufu	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
tnfrsf21	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
birc6	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
xpo5	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
fgf5	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
fzd4	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
gemin4	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
gpx7	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
hspb8	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
kmt2a	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100691710	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
smo	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
sult4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
bag1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
bag5	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
ddx20	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
e2f2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100693354	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC102082242	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100708067	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
cdc7	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC109194384	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100706888	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
pgrmc2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100710041	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC100700616	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary
LOC102077463	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
LOC100710037	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
egf	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
fgl1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
LOC100702365	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
cabin1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
terf1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma
LOC102078255	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
lrp4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
LOC100697981	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
espl1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
LOC100710422	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
usp47	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
topbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
polb	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
enpp5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
LOC100698634	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
gtf2e1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
lama2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
cpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
LOC100691886	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma|Syndrome
LOC102078255	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
il16	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
topbp1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
polb	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
LOC102078255	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
fadd	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
tnfrsf14	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100698833	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
tradd	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
cd79b	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
nfrkb	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
rag2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100689943	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
ulk4	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
relb	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100704346	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
ppp1r13l	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
rela	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC109194384	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
efemp2	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
fadd	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
ikbke	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
nfasc	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
prkar1b	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100697102	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
sap30l	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100710634	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
adar	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100701380	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
irf7	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
tram1	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
tbk1	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100691607	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
prkra	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
aqr	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
cd81	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
dhx58	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC112846611	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
irf7	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
irf9	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
sigirr	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
tram1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
tsg101	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
tbk1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100704346	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100691607	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
inpp5d	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Remission, Spontaneous
LOC100701053	GAD_DISEASE:Anticoagulants
LOC100701355	GAD_DISEASE:Anticoagulants
pcgf3	GAD_DISEASE:Anticoagulants
nkx1-2	GAD_DISEASE:Anticoagulants
suds3	GAD_DISEASE:Anticoagulants
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Anticoagulants
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Anticoagulants
cdk5rap1	GAD_DISEASE:Hair Color
cdk10	GAD_DISEASE:Hair Color
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Hair Color
tpcn2	GAD_DISEASE:Hair Color
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:Hair Color
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:Hair Color
cpsf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hair Color
exoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hair Color
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hair Color
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Hair Color
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Hair Color
lg5h3orf67	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
sash3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
cntln	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
LOC100704610	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
mat2b	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases
lg5h3orf67	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
celf4	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
LOC100708356	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
sox10	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
ankrd54	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
irx3	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
kdm8	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
mtap	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
pax5	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
pdzd2	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
pou3f1	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
LOC100693968	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
bmt2	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
glt1d1	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
LOC100707005	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
galnt1	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
cdc42bpa	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
kiaa0825	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
rap2b	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
ssx2ip	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
csgalnact2	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
eif3l	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
xpo4	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
sucnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
upp2	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
fbxo3	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
dusp23	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
ints3	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
paip2b	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
pkn2	GAD_DISEASE:Monocytes
LOC100689844	GAD_DISEASE:Batten disease
LOC100689844	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
nkap	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100691210	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100705995	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
pus10	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100690116	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100702855	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
rcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC102078975	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
prdx5	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
sbspon	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
tcerg1l	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
tmem258	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
ube2l3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100699238	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
b3gnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
fgfr1op	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
erap2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
lacc1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100708019	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
psmg2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100695766	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
zgpat	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease
LOC100689844	GAD_DISEASE:Neuronal Ceroid-Lipofuscinoses
LOC100690854	GAD_DISEASE:Neuronal Ceroid-Lipofuscinoses
cln5	GAD_DISEASE:Neuronal Ceroid-Lipofuscinoses
cln8	GAD_DISEASE:Neuronal Ceroid-Lipofuscinoses
ppt1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuronal Ceroid-Lipofuscinoses
tpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuronal Ceroid-Lipofuscinoses
LOC100689844	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease (early onset)
sgf29	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease (early onset)
nupr1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease (early onset)
LOC100706212	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease (early onset)
mtmr3	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease (early onset)
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease (early onset)
LOC100690854	GAD_DISEASE:variant late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis.
commd5	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
emc8	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100690862	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
nadsyn1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC102079987	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100702438	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
cep89	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
cdyl2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
ergic1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100696591	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
pigg	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
parp6	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
psma5	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
ror2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100693999	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
tbl3	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
tbcd	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100691671	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
pou2f2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100707204	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
atg5	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100710068	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100698290	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100708656	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100697547	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100699310	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
bmp2k	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
tbx2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
acss1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
acss3	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
dera	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
nat8	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
acot7	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
atl1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
colec11	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
pxdn	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
trappc9	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis|
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis|
anxa6	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis|
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis|
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis|
LOC100700081	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis|
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis|
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington disease-like
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington disease-like
LOC100696591	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington disease-like
LOC100695328	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington disease-like
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic response | Weight Gain
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic response | Weight Gain
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic response | Weight Gain
LOC100707801	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic response | Weight Gain
ace	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic response | Weight Gain
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic response | Weight Gain
dao	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic response | Weight Gain
LOC100702846	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic response | Weight Gain
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic response | Weight Gain
adcy8	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic response | Weight Gain
LOC100709989	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis, steroid induced
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis, steroid induced
crtc3	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
irx5	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
LOC100701473	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
tbx20	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
atrnl1	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
crispld1	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
LOC100699377	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
myrip	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
nsg2	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
kctd2	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
pknox1	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
fam110c	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
LOC100699239	GAD_DISEASE:Neurobehavioral Manifestations
celf4	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
rapgef2	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
mcub	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
nfil3	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
rnf19a	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
LOC100704542	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
col4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
ctnnbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
dcp1a	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Angiography
celf4	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
epha8	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
itk	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
kri1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
nsun3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100698697	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100706213	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100710707	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100692294	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
vstm2b	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
cnpy2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
commd1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100698318	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
bbox1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
greb1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
igsf21	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
irx3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100703837	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100699554	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
plxna1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
galnt18	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100711397	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
pus10	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC106098755	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
sirt3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100704048	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100710339	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
thsd4	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100711224	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
uaca	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
vgll4	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
zc3h10	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
znf827	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
dtwd2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
eya1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
garem1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
gtf2ird1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100691736	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100694611	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
mn1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
msantd2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
pbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
taf3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
wdr44	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
wdr7	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100709943	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
acsbg1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
creb5	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ccdc33	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100707007	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
dlat	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100707272	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ntng1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
nup98	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
pald1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ptpn13	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
rnf152	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
tspan18	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
tmx3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
tg	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100697685	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100711371	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
zbtb20	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
znf236	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
zhx2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
haao	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
abi3bp	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
antxr2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
dao	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ddx1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
fig4	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
lonrf2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
lsm4	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
lyrm7	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
mycbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
rab3c	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
rbm19	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
srbd1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
sestd1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
st6gal2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
swt1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100701658	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ak8	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ankrd44	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100694039	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
chst11	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
cdc5l	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
cfap61	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ehhadh	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
xpo4	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC106097129	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
fign	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
foxp2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
gucy1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
heca	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
itgbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
klhl29	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
marco	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
mrps6	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
mtif3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
fam129a	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
orc5	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
pebp4	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
galnt17	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
kir7.1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ppm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100691726	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
stk38l	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100693193	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
spef2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
tns1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
tram2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
tmeff2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ust	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
zbtb37	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
csmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
dffa	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
lbh	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
nme7	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
prdm16	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
sh3tc1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
slitrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ajap1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
cacna1d	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
caap1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
wisp1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100695844	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
dmac1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100696367	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
lrrc3b	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
pcnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
spp2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
slc10a7	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
slc24a2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
slc25a21	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
tent4a	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|
celf4	GAD_DISEASE:Isoxazoles
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Isoxazoles
LOC100691516	GAD_DISEASE:Isoxazoles
cerkl	GAD_DISEASE:Isoxazoles
nubpl	GAD_DISEASE:Isoxazoles
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Isoxazoles
celf4	GAD_DISEASE:Telomere
stn1	GAD_DISEASE:Telomere
cfap57	GAD_DISEASE:Telomere
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Telomere
slc44a4	GAD_DISEASE:Telomere
celf4	GAD_DISEASE:response to iloperidone treatment (QT prolongation)
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:response to iloperidone treatment (QT prolongation)
LOC100691516	GAD_DISEASE:response to iloperidone treatment (QT prolongation)
nubpl	GAD_DISEASE:response to iloperidone treatment (QT prolongation)
palld	GAD_DISEASE:response to iloperidone treatment (QT prolongation)
celf4	GAD_DISEASE:telomere length
cxxc4	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
st5	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
ankrd50	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
nucks1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
srpx2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC100702345	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
tmem131l	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
znf277	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC102080083	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
malrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
arhgef28	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
cttnbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
cdk8	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
dok6	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC109194205	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
tmem132c	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC102080120	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
zfpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC100698862	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC100694928	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
nek3	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC100702161	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
vps53	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
acss3	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
glra2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
slc35a5	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
snd1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
tmem200a	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC100707650	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
egln3	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
LOC100709447	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
tmem260	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Competency
cyld	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
adamts13	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
cacfd1	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
cpn1	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
lg12h12orf43	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
LOC100695684	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
lpar1	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
st3gal4	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
abhd12	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
anapc4	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
cnga3	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
LOC100703939	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Alkaline Phosphatase
cyld	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
LOC100694111	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
arhgef28	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
pkd1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
LOC100695849	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
adgb	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
fam89a	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
lacc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
men1	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
tmem268	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
vars2	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy
cyld	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple familial trichoepithelioma and familial cylindromatosis
arhgef9	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
LOC100697553	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgef6	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgap9	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgef10l	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgef3	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgef38	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
LOC100691922	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgap25	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgap29	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgef1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
LOC100711616	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
LOC100698758	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
chn2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
ophn1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
LOC100700727	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
vav2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
vav3	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
LOC100707473	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgef12	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgef17	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
ngef	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
LOC102080887	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
LOC100697014	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
arhgef16	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
sos2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
prex1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina
ddx27	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
elovl6	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
fermt3	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC102079463	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
spock3	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100704992	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
triobp	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
urb2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
cep112	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
chd1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
emp2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
foxp1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
ints10	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
itga11	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
mmp24	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
map1a	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
nudt22	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
reep5	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
stx8	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
trpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
tll1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
adamts16	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100711611	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100712391	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
dnajb6	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
gnb1l	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
nuak1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100699836	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
creb5	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100708633	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
cplx4	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100704838	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
dnm1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
man2a2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
mboat1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100696254	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
map1b	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
plekhf2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC112841884	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100711859	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
rdh10	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
sema3a	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100691516	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
stip1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
tpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100692001	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
tp53i11	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
zfat	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
znf423	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
mdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100690952	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
sh3bgrl2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
supt3h	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
aasdhppt	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
bmpr1b	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
cfap43	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
clybl	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
dock10	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
dmrt2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100693895	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
fam43a	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
ksr2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
lrrc7	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
mfsd9	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
map3k5	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
naprt	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
ptpn14	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
tra2b	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
unc5b	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
adamts1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100710985	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
csmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
angpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
cfap221	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
nmu	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
plcb3	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
kctd1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100707988	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
tent4a	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
ube2v2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity
LOC100712452	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
polg2	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
tgfbrap1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
adar	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
ada	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C, chronic
dennd1a	GAD_DISEASE:Personality
itk	GAD_DISEASE:Personality
arpin	GAD_DISEASE:Personality
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:Personality
LOC100690920	GAD_DISEASE:Personality
tmem178a	GAD_DISEASE:Personality
elmod1	GAD_DISEASE:Personality
LOC100693338	GAD_DISEASE:Personality
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:Personality
fundc1	GAD_DISEASE:Personality
sptlc3	GAD_DISEASE:Personality
dennd1a	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pde8a	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
amh	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
st5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
acad9	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
LOC100697168	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
tcf12	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
stambpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
olfm3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
bcl9	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
bora	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
LOC100710958	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
lrmda	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
ptpn14	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
scel	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
sprn	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
smim15	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
rap1gds1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
cdc73	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
cep135	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
pde5a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Flow Velocity
st5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC100702482	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
gatb	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
stc2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
sbno1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC100706374	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
sh3bp5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
wdr70	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC100711064	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
cadm2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC100704335	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
ulk4	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC100690924	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
yap1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
fgf14	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC100694293	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC100707238	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
csmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
emc1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
frmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC100704492	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
angpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
rplp1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
sall4	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
sntg1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain
st5	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System
LOC100694928	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System
LOC100696392	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
ddit3	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100711553	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100707881	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufs3	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufs8	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufa6	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufab1	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufb10	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufb7	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ctsz	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
gfap	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
glrx	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
hspa4	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
hspa9	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100705244	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100702211	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
txn2	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100690212	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufa3	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufa8	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufa9	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufb8	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100691432	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100695758	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100709337	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
gstk1	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100708428	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
msrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100709606	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
prdx5	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100707987	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
fosb	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufs1	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufs7	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufa10	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufa7	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100708544	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufs4	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufv3	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
bace1	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100702684	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
hspa12a	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
prdx3	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufs2	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufv1	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufv2	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufb5	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufb9	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufs5	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ndufs6	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ccs	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
gss	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
hspa12b	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
nr2c2	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
LOC100703194	GAD_DISEASE:Aging/ Telomere Length
ddit3	GAD_DISEASE:apoptosis
ddit3	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100711553	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100707881	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufs3	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufs8	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufa6	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufab1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufb10	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufb7	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ara	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ctsz	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
gfap	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
glrx	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
hspa4	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
hspa9	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100705244	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100702211	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
txn2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100690212	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufa3	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufa8	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufa9	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufb8	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100691432	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100695758	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100709337	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
gstk1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100708428	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
msrb2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100709606	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
prdx5	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100707987	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
fosb	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufs1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufs7	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufa10	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufa7	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100708544	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufs4	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufv3	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
bace1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100702684	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
hspa12a	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
prdx3	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufs2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufv1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufv2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufb5	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufb9	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufs5	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ndufs6	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
ccs	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
gss	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
hspa12b	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
nr2c2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
LOC100703194	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive trait
dnmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast|Invasive Ductal Breast Carcinoma|Mammary Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast|Invasive Ductal Breast Carcinoma|Mammary Neoplasms
dnmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
chd1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
prkaa1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
th	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
zbtb20	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
polb	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100712021	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms
dnmt1	GAD_DISEASE:arsnic exposure
as3mt	GAD_DISEASE:arsnic exposure
glrx	GAD_DISEASE:arsnic exposure
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:arsnic exposure
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:arsnic exposure
LOC100702211	GAD_DISEASE:arsnic exposure
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:arsnic exposure
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:arsnic exposure
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:arsnic exposure
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:arsnic exposure
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:arsnic exposure
dnmt1	GAD_DISEASE:benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxide
dnmt1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100700725	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
fancd2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ara	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
comt	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
chl1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ccne1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
egf	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
fam210b	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
gnrh2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100710422	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
il10	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100704957	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC102080433	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
fancf	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
hras	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ddb2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
esrra	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100706356	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ins	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ncor1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
sra1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
trdmt1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
uimc1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
atm	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
braf	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
fancg	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100694010	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
f5	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
gadd45b	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
hells	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
hdac2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100705058	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100708039	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ncoa1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ptges2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
tbxa2r	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
atr	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100710512	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
e2f1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
fance	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
amh	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100698715	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100691799	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
inha	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100689957	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
mlh3	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
msh4	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
parp2	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
tp53i3	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
p53	GAD_DISEASE:epithelial ovarian cancer 
dnmt1	GAD_DISEASE:hunger and satiety
fto	GAD_DISEASE:hunger and satiety
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:hunger and satiety
dnmt1	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
mif	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
ntng1	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
LOC100705478	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
LOC100700393	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus
dnmt1	GAD_DISEASE:subtelomeric hypomethylation
trdmt1	GAD_DISEASE:subtelomeric hypomethylation
LOC100710512	GAD_DISEASE:subtelomeric hypomethylation
pold1	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
mpg	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
nthl1	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
smug1	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
pold2	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
pum3	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
tdg	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
polb	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
pole	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
poli	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
pnkp	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
rfc5	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
ung	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
LOC100690378	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
rfc2	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
rfc4	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease
pold1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
mpg	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
nthl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
smug1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
pold2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
tdg	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
polb	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
pole	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
poli	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
pnkp	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
rfc5	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
ung	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
rfc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
rfc4	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms
polg2	GAD_DISEASE:Ophthalmoplegia, Chronic Progressive External
slc25a4	GAD_DISEASE:Ophthalmoplegia, Chronic Progressive External
polg	GAD_DISEASE:Ophthalmoplegia, Chronic Progressive External
twnk	GAD_DISEASE:Ophthalmoplegia, Chronic Progressive External
polg2	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer lung cancer
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer lung cancer
polr2b	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer lung cancer
LOC100703384	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer lung cancer
polk	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer lung cancer
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer lung cancer
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer lung cancer
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer lung cancer
mlh3	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer lung cancer
rpa3	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer lung cancer
LOC100697672	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
nucks1	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
LOC100705935	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
tent5a	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
LOC106097129	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
kcnh8	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatins
LOC100697672	GAD_DISEASE:irinotecan
tdp1	GAD_DISEASE:irinotecan
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:irinotecan
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:irinotecan
dnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Neoplasms, Testis|Testicular Neoplasms
atf7ip	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Neoplasms, Testis|Testicular Neoplasms
LOC100534555	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Neoplasms, Testis|Testicular Neoplasms
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Neoplasms, Testis|Testicular Neoplasms
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Neoplasms, Testis|Testicular Neoplasms
dnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
spry4	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
dtwd1	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
LOC102078767	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
slc27a1	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
LOC100695496	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
usp44	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
ust	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
LOC100691636	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
rgl1	GAD_DISEASE:Antidepressive Agents
dtwd1	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
gna12	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
tox3	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100690411	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100693785	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
tenm3	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC109203834	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
smg6	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
mprip	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
kctd7	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100706976	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
tex47	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
zfpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
ephb3	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
prdm6	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
ppfia2	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
hmcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100703201	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
lg12h9orf84	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100708706	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
slc35f1	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
nab1	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC109194311	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
cpeb2	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
magoh	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta
dmxl2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100709513	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
taf7l	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100692426	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
cntln	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
cdk2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
dusp1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
fgfrl1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
hs3st4	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
mical2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
nr1d1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100690958	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
rhoh	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100703065	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100693075	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
suox	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100705504	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
ttc17	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100704623	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
arfgef1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
gpr12	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
mpp7	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
nedd4l	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100693400	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100699117	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
adar	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100707801	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100691977	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100701446	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
creb5	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
chn2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
cgn	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
eci2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100700659	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
mapk10	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
parvb	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100698290	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
slc25a46	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
ska1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
trpa1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100697685	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
znf423	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
agtpbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
cnot6l	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
cacul1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
cwc22	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
poli	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
kank1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
lyrm9	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
ppfia2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
wdr11	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100708389	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100699513	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
dusp10	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
elp3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
pax3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
pde9a	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
plxna4	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100696994	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
sipa1l2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
s1pr1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
tbxa2r	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
tmem161b	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
akap6	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
barhl2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
g2e3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
lbh	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
nrde2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
scaf8	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
agl	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100705398	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
lg20h1orf174	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
cyyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
fsip1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
mavs	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
spp2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
slc24a2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
slc25a21	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
tmco4	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
tmem62	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
LOC100696419	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma
dmxl2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100701355	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100705483	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100708833	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
taf3	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
ap3b1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
mki67	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100705080	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100697952	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100691194	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
vti1a	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
heatr5b	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
hps1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100692432	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
wdr31	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
cog2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100702543	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100691607	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
mcm10	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
mlf1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
s1pr1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
adamts1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
wdr55	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100698426	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Stroke
LOC100700725	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC102081539	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100690332	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
ero1b	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100707489	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
map3k12	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
pla2r1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100697873	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100534562	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
tcf12	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
vegfd	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100710479	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100704908	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
hras	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100708917	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
duox1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
itga1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC102078105	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100701954	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100712402	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
stk17a	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
shh	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100697952	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
tg	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100692624	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
braf	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
sel1l	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
ccdc6	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
ncoa4	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
plat	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100693546	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
ret	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
stk17b	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
smo	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC102082349	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
trip12	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
nkx2-1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
ache	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
amh	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
cdyl	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
eloa	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100706816	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
cga	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
dio1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
trip11	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
tpo	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer
elf2	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
adar	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
LOC100691607	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
eif2s1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B
LOC100707015	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
LOC100693406	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
tfb2m	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
LOC100702174	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
fat3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
prima1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
tfb1m	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
LOC100698085	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly
LOC100707015	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
rapgef2	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
LOC100700192	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
arhgap24	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
scaper	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
LOC100709287	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
gadl1	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
osbpl3	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
gpr176	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
prkg2	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
sema3c	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
bfsp2	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
egln3	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
mpdz	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Veins
elmod2	GAD_DISEASE:select biomarker traits
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:select biomarker traits
mki67	GAD_DISEASE:select biomarker traits
ptpre	GAD_DISEASE:select biomarker traits
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:select biomarker traits
elovl6	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
blzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
LOC100697944	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
LOC100702174	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
malrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
fam84a	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
LOC100695257	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
pde5a	GAD_DISEASE:Memory
LOC100709700	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
smarca4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100708112	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100696527	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
carm1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
dnm2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100693419	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
tmem144	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100705950	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
nsmce2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100702486	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
fam222b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
myrf	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
tmem258	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
vti1a	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
bcap29	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100692555	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
sik3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
fam91a1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
usp24	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, LDL
epha8	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
mcf2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100704992	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
ythdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
aars2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
dchs2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100690686	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100534525	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100698303	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100701092	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
prickle2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100702031	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
thsd4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
yipf5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100709824	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100694738	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
add2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
ass1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
lg7h11orf96	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100711659	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100698078	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
rnf43	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
sostdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
svip	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
snx10	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
snx29	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
strbp	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
agpat4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
adamts3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100691095	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
gpr6	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
pcp4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
sox2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
atoh1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
cfap299	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100694141	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
ism1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
mab21l1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
map3k4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
pid1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
plek	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
ptk2b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
tlk1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100707238	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
csmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
gatad2b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
grpel1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
pkib	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100704430	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
dazl	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
golga5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
grhl1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
nfib	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
slc24a2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
syne3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
spag17	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC100706927	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins
LOC102080669	GAD_DISEASE:Osteitis Deformans
sqstm1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteitis Deformans
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Osteitis Deformans
optn	GAD_DISEASE:Osteitis Deformans
LOC102080669	GAD_DISEASE:PagetQs disease
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:PagetQs disease
sqstm1	GAD_DISEASE:PagetQs disease
slc25a43	GAD_DISEASE:PagetQs disease
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:PagetQs disease
dcstamp	GAD_DISEASE:PagetQs disease
nup205	GAD_DISEASE:PagetQs disease
optn	GAD_DISEASE:PagetQs disease
LOC102082458	GAD_DISEASE:PagetQs disease
LOC102080669	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC102082678	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100697603	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
aimp1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100697931	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
cdh8	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
cast	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ccdc62	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
dgkq	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100692652	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
kif1bp	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
lmod1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
lamp1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
nucks1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100705989	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
prrg4	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100700735	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100702836	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC102078408	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
sema6d	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100704341	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
slc41a1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
tcf12	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
tmem128	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
tnpo2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100709526	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
adamts16	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100694501	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100705950	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
pou6f2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
prdm13	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
rab25	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ric1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100698083	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
vps41	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100708638	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100694510	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ctif	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
c9	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
cul2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ccny	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100704872	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ermp1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100705583	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
itga8	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ldlrad4	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
plekhm1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
rreb1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
snx10	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
tpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
tmem108	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
zdhhc8	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
zmat4	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
borcs7	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100704880	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100694928	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100710969	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
gpr156	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
hivep2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ndufs4	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
rufy3	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
vps8	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100710958	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
cgrrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
gak	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
daw1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
hnrnpu	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
hyi	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ism1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
lekr1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
lnpk	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
mccc1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
pak1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100690065	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
parp4	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ptprr	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
slc2a13	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100691054	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100697675	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
tmem175	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ulk2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
atp13a2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
cdcp2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
dnajc1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
fbxo3	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
fosl2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
pink1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100695032	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
ap1m1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
mgat5	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
cdca7l	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100697625	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100700149	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
exd2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC109194170	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
kbtbd11	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
mapre2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
LOC100696153	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
pip4p2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
rnf114	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
dusp27	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
triqk	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease
edem1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
LOC100706199	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
tcf12	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
LOC100704623	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
LOC100709495	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
LOC109203822	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
lars2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
pald1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
ubl3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
LOC100698253	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
LOC100709054	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
c1ql2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
dlx2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
sgms1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
LOC100697355	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
LOC100710500	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
myo10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytes
edem1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC102076290	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100706199	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
psmd3	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100693075	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100704623	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
ogfod2	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC109204597	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100709495	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
nedd4l	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
cpq	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
lars2	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
pald1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100701990	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100690370	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
tmem241	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
ubl3	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100698253	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100709054	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100701956	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
dync2h1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100700510	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
itga4	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100700010	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100696641	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
sgms1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100699514	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
LOC100697355	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
fggy	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
vrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
angpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
lg22h6orf62	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
myo10	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
nfyc	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
zbtb10	GAD_DISEASE:Neutrophils
ercc3	GAD_DISEASE:xeroderma pigmentosum
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Hearing Loss|Osteosarcoma
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Hearing Loss|Osteosarcoma
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Hearing Loss|Osteosarcoma
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Hearing Loss|Osteosarcoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Hearing Loss|Osteosarcoma
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Hearing Loss|Osteosarcoma
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
bicra	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
polb	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Diseases|Breast Neoplasms|
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Diseases|Breast Neoplasms|
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Diseases|Breast Neoplasms|
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Diseases|Breast Neoplasms|
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Diseases|Breast Neoplasms|
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Diseases|Breast Neoplasms|
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Diseases|Breast Neoplasms|
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
magi1	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
smap1	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
emc2	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
vps41	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
cpa6	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
ccna1	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
tmprss15	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
LOC100700465	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
epb41l2	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
pde7b	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
prpf40a	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
slc37a1	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
sdhaf4	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
arl6ip6	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:CD40 Ligand
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
nkiras1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
mcm6	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
rev1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Ureteral Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Ureteral Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Ureteral Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Ureteral Neoplasms
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
slc46a1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|DNA Damage
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
fancd2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
rad9a	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100697931	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
rhpn2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
hras	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
rad54b	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
upb1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
dpys	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
ptpn13	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100709975	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
polb	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
fancg	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
recql	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
casp8ap2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
dusp10	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
parp4	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
scg5	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
tp53bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100698715	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
lama5	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:DNA repair capacity
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:DNA repair capacity
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA repair capacity
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA repair capacity
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA repair capacity
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:DNA repair capacity
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
wnt4	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
galt	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100692649	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100706916	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
LOC100705427	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
cast	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
LOC100710174	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
LOC100704180	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal Neoplasms
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal Neoplasms
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal Neoplasms
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal Neoplasms
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal Neoplasms
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal Neoplasms
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
mthfs	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100702918	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|Occupational Diseases
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|Occupational Diseases
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|Occupational Diseases
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|Occupational Diseases
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer; cytogenetic studies
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer; cytogenetic studies
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer; cytogenetic studies
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer; cytogenetic studies
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer; cytogenetic studies
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer; cytogenetic studies
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer; cytogenetic studies
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:chromosomal damage
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:chromosomal damage
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:chromosomal damage
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:chromosomal damage
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:chromosomal damage
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:chromosomal damage
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:chromosomal damage
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:chromosomal damage
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:chromosomal damage
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; colorectal polyps
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; colorectal polyps
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; colorectal polyps
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
hprt1	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
alad	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
atm	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
braf	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
ran	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
tarbp2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
il10	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
dgcr8	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100706140	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100695719	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
piwil1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
xpo5	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
gemin4	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
ddx20	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100708747	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100706888	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
mtor	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
p53	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer 
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; laryngeal cancer; oropharynx cancer
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:hypopharyngeal cancer laryngeal cancer
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloblastic
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloblastic
top2a	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloblastic
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloblastic
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloblastic
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloblastic
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
mthfs	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
npy	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
asip	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
egf	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100711224	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100701327	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
braf	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
polh	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
parp4	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
aire	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
egf	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
pigu	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
ppp1r13b	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
klc1	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
zfyve21	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:nucleotide excision repair
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:nucleotide excision repair
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:nucleotide excision repair
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:nucleotide excision repair
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:nucleotide excision repair
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:nucleotide excision repair
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:nucleotide excision repair
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:nucleotide excision repair
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
ran	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
inka2	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
map3k12	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
dgcr8	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
LOC100706140	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
gemin4	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
huwe1	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
LOC100708747	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
LOC100706888	GAD_DISEASE:oral premalignant lesions
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:p53 alterations
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:p53 alterations
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:p53 alterations
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:p53 alterations
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:p53 alterations
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:primary lung cancer.
ercc5	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoma
LOC102078767	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
ran	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
wnt4	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100695948	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100697673	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
gatb	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100711684	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
ptprb	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100704908	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100697392	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
rassf6	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
vps26c	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
bckdhb	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
phlda2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100697562	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100691516	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100703495	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
khdrbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
samsn1	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100702161	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
wdr81	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
ca8	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
cog5	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
cpeb3	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
fhl2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100694141	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
lrmda	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
mast2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
stab2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
ttc27	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
kdsr	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
rnd3	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100701150	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100703939	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
lrrc3b	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
p3h2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
ppp1r9a	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100705558	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
usp13	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium
LOC102078767	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
LOC100696673	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
LOC100707057	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
rcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
zcchc14	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
zcchc7	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
LOC100691401	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
dsel	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
LOC106097889	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
pfkfb3	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
cwf19l1	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
ano6	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
lg16h3orf70	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
LOC100695702	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
laptm4a	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
mkln1	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
nvl	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
LOC100702638	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
ptk2b	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
LOC100710985	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
babam2	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
sp4	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
syt4	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder, Major
LOC102078767	GAD_DISEASE:Restless Legs Syndrome
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Restless Legs Syndrome
LOC100696486	GAD_DISEASE:Restless Legs Syndrome
tox3	GAD_DISEASE:Restless Legs Syndrome
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Restless Legs Syndrome
map2k5	GAD_DISEASE:Restless Legs Syndrome
btbd9	GAD_DISEASE:Restless Legs Syndrome
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Restless Legs Syndrome
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Restless Legs Syndrome
ecpas	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
wwp2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
lrrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
ctdspl	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
emc2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
LOC102080083	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
LOC100709793	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
lg7h18orf54	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
oscp1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
pigl	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
LOC100701990	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
ppm1e	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
LOC100697685	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
LOC102080120	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
tarbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
exoc4	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
fgf14	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
ncapd3	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
dnajc1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
runx1t1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
LOC100710713	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
ppp1r9a	GAD_DISEASE:Neuropsychological Tests
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Neoplasms|Nephroblastoma|Wilms Tumor
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Neoplasms|Nephroblastoma|Wilms Tumor
LOC100699246	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Neoplasms|Nephroblastoma|Wilms Tumor
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, T-Cell|Precursor T-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, T-Cell|Precursor T-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor T-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor T-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor T-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor T-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor T-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
fbxw7	GAD_DISEASE:T-cell malignancies
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:T-cell malignancies
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:T-cell malignancies
fbxo38	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
naa25	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100697618	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
os9	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
adad1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
zdhhc1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100690393	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100705923	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
zfat	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100695440	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
eif4h	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
fam135a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
pofut2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100701424	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
tdrd9	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
zgpat	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
fat1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100701467	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
tub	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100691312	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
lg6h4orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100689955	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
pax5	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100693785	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100695950	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC102078235	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC109194158	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
mindy3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
npc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
sh3pxd2b	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100711777	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
skor2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100698758	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
ano3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
bsx	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100695758	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
jade2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
mrtfb	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
nphp3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
pald1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100702022	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
slc15a4	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100701681	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
tmem108	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
tmem38b	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
crtc1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
cwc22	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
gab2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100709916	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100705058	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100695821	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
tra2b	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
tmem244	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
ucn	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
vgll3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100707983	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC106097711	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
ctnnbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
mgll	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
LOC102082014	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Ankle Brachial Index
dnah5	GAD_DISEASE:Ankle Brachial Index
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Vessels
gpr101	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Vessels
nae1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Vessels
hus1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Vessels
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Vessels
oscp1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Vessels
LOC100700727	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Vessels
LOC100698862	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Vessels
nkx2-8	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Vessels
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
coro2b	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100691544	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100697470	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
bicdl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100703618	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
vps41	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
api5	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
cpvl	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
dsel	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100692842	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
dnajc15	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100709916	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
ccdc167	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
ehhadh	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
vangl2	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
arpp21	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100703378	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
fam91a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
LOC100698247	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
hikeshi	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
jam2	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
slc24a2	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
coro2b	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100691544	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
hoxb9	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
itga11	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100704529	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100697470	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
bicdl1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100703618	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
vps41	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
cpvl	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
dnajc15	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100709916	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
ccdc167	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
ehhadh	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100698464	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
vangl2	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
atl1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100703378	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
fam91a1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
LOC100698247	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
hikeshi	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
mrpl39	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
tent4a	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Performance
fat4	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
LOC100689790	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
smim19	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
camkk1	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
fam163b	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
snx10	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
arrdc3	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
LOC100691117	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
cables1	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
LOC100696265	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
hs2st1	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking
LOC100691616	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100706637	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
rapgef2	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100710960	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
kif3a	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
mgrn1	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100700920	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
mettl22	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100707797	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
tollip	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
tnrc18	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
cited2	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100704908	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
wdr7	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
xpo7	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100690133	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100696374	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
ptprn2	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
tmem132e	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
sh3bgrl2	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
supt3h	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
adgb	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
asb1	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
fam43a	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
grid2	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
lrch1	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
serinc5	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
vit	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
lbh	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
ap5m1	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100709801	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100694327	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
dysf	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
enpep	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
nr2c2	GAD_DISEASE:Albumins
LOC100691616	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies|Heart Failure
LOC100691616	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
park7	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
mmel1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
pus10	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100708390	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
ik	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
arhgap31	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
ydjc	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
yipf5	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100711386	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
tcerg1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
ets1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
plek	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
runx3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100690617	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100701332	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease
fhdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
fus	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
nkrf	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100705221	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100695921	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100707164	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100709430	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
srgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100703081	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100703806	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100704166	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
tox3	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
vapb	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
wdr93	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
clnk	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100703458	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100697470	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
tmc3	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
adamts14	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
adamts16	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
hus1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
pof1b	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100708145	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
sspo	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100698758	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
alad	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
arsg	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100712562	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
dpp6	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
eomes	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
gucd1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
insyn2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
lrrc4	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
map3k8	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100709000	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100702647	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
pex11a	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
rnf14	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
shisa2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
susd1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
haao	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
commd10	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100704895	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
nox4	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
ralb	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
upf3a	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100692991	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
cdc5l	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
cdca7	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
chgb	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
lg18h5orf22	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100694141	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
ints4	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC112841721	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
lama2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
pnpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
sipa1l2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
vcp	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100708436	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
ctdp1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
fggy	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
gnal	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
kiaa0586	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
tab3	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
zfp64	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
bcas1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
lg23h1orf115	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC102080851	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100689759	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
epo	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100700789	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
mylip	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100704279	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
slco4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
tcea1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
srsf3	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
fkbp4	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
wdr36	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
cav2	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100695684	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100707309	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
snx16	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100694244	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
col8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
optn	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100707620	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100692669	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
col8a2	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
mfn1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
mfn2	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100694830	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
cenpp	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
lg6h4orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
ecm2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
irx3	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
iars	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
nol8	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100692645	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
apbb1ip	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
eomes	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
commd10	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
ehbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
ercc6l2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
srprb	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
wdpcp	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100706664	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC102083004	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
cenpe	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
psat1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
tm9sf3	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100700099	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
leprot	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100701233	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
pfdn4	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100705558	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100696688	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
chst1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100690686	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
tbx1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
chst2	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
ehmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
pip4k2a	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100695866	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100702022	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
ehmt2	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
grk3	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100697603	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100707016	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
gria2	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
immp2l	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100710302	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
cript	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100701694	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
plcd1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100695866	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100690594	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100710487	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
fzd9	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
nppc	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100704010	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
tsnax	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
tfip11	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
nipa1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100707896	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
ache	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100698045	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100710500	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
gabrd	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100692877	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
ntsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
trh	GAD_DISEASE:Psychiatric Disorders
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
pknox2	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100697270	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100708185	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
penk	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:affective psychoses
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:affective psychoses
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:affective psychoses
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:affective psychoses
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
il10	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100711365	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100699231	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
rora	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100698323	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC106097889	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
ube3c	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
htr2b	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100707896	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:posttraumatic stress disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:posttraumatic stress disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:posttraumatic stress disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:posttraumatic stress disorder
LOC100711482	GAD_DISEASE:response to antidepressants
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:response to antidepressants
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:response to antidepressants
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:response to antidepressants
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:response to antidepressants
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:response to antidepressants
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:response to antidepressants
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:response to antidepressants
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:response to antidepressants
fosl1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
adcy7	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
comt	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
glra1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
glrb	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
hcrt	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100697722	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100698807	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100704394	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100693191	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
slc6a11	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
crh	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
cdk5r1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
gal	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100696649	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100710487	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
th	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
htr2b	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
fev	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
chrm5	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100699159	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
glra2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
penk	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
fosl2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100699420	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
gabrd	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100697502	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
mpdz	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
npy	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
ntsr1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100695832	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol consumption
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Adiposity
tbce	GAD_DISEASE:Adiposity
LOC100692475	GAD_DISEASE:Adiposity
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Adiposity
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Adiposity
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:Adiposity
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:Adiposity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
cdh22	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
ncoa5	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
ace	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
prex1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Biomedical quantitative traits
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Biomedical quantitative traits
fam3c	GAD_DISEASE:Biomedical quantitative traits
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Cardiovascular Diseases
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes Mellitus|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
gprc5b	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
mtch2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
ubl5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
LOC100707983	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity|Weight Gain
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Puberty, Precocious|Thinness
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Puberty, Precocious|Thinness
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Weight Gain
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Weight Gain
fto	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein blood levels
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100690481	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
itga11	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
psmd3	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100693905	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100703873	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
atp8b2	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
gpr158	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100700925	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
rbm33	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
atg5	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
ccbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
dpys	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC102079742	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
eef1e1	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
fbln1	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
meox2	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
mrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100700740	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100690370	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
svil	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
znf423	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100691095	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
eya4	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100708288	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100689849	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100697399	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100708389	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
ngef	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
tns1	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
gnal	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
rab31	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
LOC109194170	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
prkd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
ppp1r9a	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Adhesion Molecules
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Intolerance|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
mtch2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Obesity
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Endometrial Neoplasms|Obesity
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Endometrial Neoplasms|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Intolerance|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
LOC100709859	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
rbp4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Wolfram Syndrome
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Kidney Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasms|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperphagia|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
LOC100690902	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
pnpla4	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Weight Loss
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Weight Loss
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
LOC100701467	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
LOC100693148	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
LOC100689955	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
LOC100711554	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
eefsec	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
kdm3b	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
LOC100706999	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
LOC102078235	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
hace1	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
iqch	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
prdm13	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
skor2	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
bsx	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
cadm2	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
uimc1	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
alkal2	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
LOC100711773	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
crtc1	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
gab2	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
ece2	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
mcm8	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
otor	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Menarche
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Obesity
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Obesity
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
cpe	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
nr0b2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overnutrition|Pregnancy Complications
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight|Weight Loss
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight|Weight Loss
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight|Weight Loss
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight|Weight Loss
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Overweight|Weight Loss
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Gain
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Gain
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Gain
fto	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Loss
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Loss
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Loss
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Loss
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Loss
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Loss
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Loss
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Loss
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Loss
fto	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity and blood pressure
fto	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
LOC100691312	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
comt	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
mtch2	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
kctd15	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
LOC100698623	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
kcnk3	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
tmem18	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
mgll	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa
fto	GAD_DISEASE:body mass (BWT, weight gain, BMI); fertility
fto	GAD_DISEASE:body mass index
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:body mass index
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass index
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass index
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:body mass index
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:body mass index
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:body mass index
fto	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
rpgrip1l	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | diabetes, type 1
fto	GAD_DISEASE:hyperandrogenemia
fto	GAD_DISEASE:latent autoimmune diabetes
ins	GAD_DISEASE:latent autoimmune diabetes
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:latent autoimmune diabetes
fto	GAD_DISEASE:obesity (early onset extreme)
fto	GAD_DISEASE:obesity (extreme)
muc15	GAD_DISEASE:obesity (extreme)
ino80d	GAD_DISEASE:obesity (extreme)
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:obesity (extreme)
fto	GAD_DISEASE:obesity | metabolic syndrome
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity | metabolic syndrome
fto	GAD_DISEASE:obesity-related traits
fto	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|BMI
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|BMI
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|BMI
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|BMI
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|BMI
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|BMI
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|BMI
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|BMI
fto	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|prostate cancer
fto	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
h6pd	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
ins	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100689712	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
fst	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
cdk5	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
sts	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome
fus	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Frontotemporal dementia|Parkinsonian Disorders
fus	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
LOC100707400	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
styx	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
ppp1cc	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
limk2	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
sbf1	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
tbpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
LOC102083227	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
fus	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Neoplasms|Obesity|Overweight
fadd	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|HIV Infections|Liver Diseases
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|HIV Infections|Liver Diseases
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|HIV Infections|Liver Diseases
gnl3	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
LOC100707164	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
cmip	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
dut	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
maml3	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
pepd	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
pde3b	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
stc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
LOC100696613	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
LOC100693164	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
arl15	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
fbxl17	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
prdm6	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
wdr3	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
LOC100708655	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
kntc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
LOC100703854	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
nmu	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
rfc4	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
spag17	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
tnr	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin
gna12	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
park7	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
smurf1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
wnt4	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
adad1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100691210	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100712264	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100707779	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100707153	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
pus10	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
gpr12	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
rcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC102078975	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
cchcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
ccny	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
dap	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
kcp	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
pitx1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
satb2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
cog6	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
otud3	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
clic1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
cfap126	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100708625	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative
gna12	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
gmip	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
ara	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100705258	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100699312	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
pde9a	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major
gna12	GAD_DISEASE:skeletal frame size
lcorl	GAD_DISEASE:skeletal frame size
LOC100704828	GAD_DISEASE:skeletal frame size
LOC100691134	GAD_DISEASE:skeletal frame size
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:skeletal frame size
prkg2	GAD_DISEASE:skeletal frame size
tmed10	GAD_DISEASE:skeletal frame size
LOC100701321	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
spock3	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
wdr1	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
wnt4	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100696521	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC102082791	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
pbld	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
rnf4	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100710292	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
rcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
rassf6	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100694480	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
xkr9	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100709943	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
abhd5	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100698823	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
cdk8	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
mat2b	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
prex2	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
pbdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
ptprq	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100710649	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
vav3	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
ebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100699396	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100710969	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
klf7	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
dmrt2	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100690703	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
glra2	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
lama2	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
lgr5	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
msrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
nxph2	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
psat1	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100701131	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
sema3c	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
sprn	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
tmem244	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100710985	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
faf1	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
adcy8	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
cyyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
shroom4	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
tmem131	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise Test
LOC100695013	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma, Acidophil|Adenoma, Chromophobe|Pituitary Neoplasms
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma, Acidophil|Adenoma, Chromophobe|Pituitary Neoplasms
LOC100695013	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100696126	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
add1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
add2	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
ace	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
ins	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
agt	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
f5	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
ncoa1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial
LOC100707702	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100694585	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC102077312	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
ghrh	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
hrh1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100711262	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100702181	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
prkag1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
pkm	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100707970	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
slc12a4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100699319	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
tcap	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
acat1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100702823	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
aoc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100699097	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
crh	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
fasn	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
gal	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100700659	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
oat	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
prkaa1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
rara	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100705846	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
th	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
dao	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
tnfaip6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
gys2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
tada2a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
ache	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
angpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
cpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
pik3cd	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100702997	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
prkaa2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100698426	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|LDLC levels
LOC100706288	GAD_DISEASE:Night Blindness|Retinal Diseases
LOC100706644	GAD_DISEASE:Night Blindness|Retinal Diseases
LOC100711833	GAD_DISEASE:Night Blindness|Retinal Diseases
nyx	GAD_DISEASE:Night Blindness|Retinal Diseases
LOC100700585	GAD_DISEASE:Night Blindness|Retinal Diseases
LOC100706871	GAD_DISEASE:Night Blindness|Retinal Diseases
rho	GAD_DISEASE:Night Blindness|Retinal Diseases
LOC100703896	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
LOC100695939	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
LOC100699863	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
LOC100701529	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
LOC100706644	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
prpf31	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
rgs9	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
pdc	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
rp2	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
guca1b	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
LOC100690715	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
rho	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa
LOC100698978	GAD_DISEASE:Memory, Short-Term
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Memory, Short-Term
LOC100706916	GAD_DISEASE:Memory, Short-Term
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Memory, Short-Term
p3h2	GAD_DISEASE:Memory, Short-Term
LOC100694598	GAD_DISEASE:P-Selectin
dld	GAD_DISEASE:P-Selectin
dnaaf4	GAD_DISEASE:P-Selectin
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:P-Selectin
slc35b4	GAD_DISEASE:P-Selectin
cldn14	GAD_DISEASE:P-Selectin
hs6st3	GAD_DISEASE:P-Selectin
lrguk	GAD_DISEASE:P-Selectin
tmtc1	GAD_DISEASE:P-Selectin
LOC106096811	GAD_DISEASE:P-Selectin
LOC100694598	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
aanat	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
mtnr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
LOC100710360	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
LOC100694249	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
LOC100706214	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
matn1	GAD_DISEASE:Scoliosis
LOC100694598	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorder
ace	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorder
dusp6	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorder
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorder
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorder
th	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorder
LOC100694598	GAD_DISEASE:body mass obesity triglycerides
LOC100694598	GAD_DISEASE:sunshine
grk3	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100690169	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100697603	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100691312	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100704700	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC102077312	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
cpe	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
dnm2	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
gria2	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
grb2	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
hcrt	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100702181	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
ppl	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100700825	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100707797	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100710302	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
grk6	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100697270	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
cct5	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
crh	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
gal	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
grp	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
glp2r	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100693278	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
ncs1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
nts	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
sigmar1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100695568	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
th	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
zdhhc8	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
fev	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100708704	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100693476	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
hint1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
hcrtr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
mme	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
mapk1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
pah	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
kcnj3	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
pawr	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100698444	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100707040	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
slc18a1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
ucn	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100703527	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100698043	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100710500	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100534513	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
ntsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
rgs17	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
LOC100709328	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
trh	GAD_DISEASE:Bulimia
grk3	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine abuse
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine abuse
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine abuse
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine abuse
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine abuse
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine abuse
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine abuse
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine abuse
LOC100696126	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Renal
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Renal
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Renal
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Renal
nat8	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Renal
LOC100696126	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
flt4	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
th	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100701417	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100694010	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
inha	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100708625	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100696419	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100696126	GAD_DISEASE:sensitivity to beta(1)-adrenergic blockade
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:sensitivity to beta(1)-adrenergic blockade
gpank1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Seropositivity
tgfbrap1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Seropositivity
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Seropositivity
abhd16a	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Seropositivity
prmt6	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Seropositivity
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Seropositivity
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Seropositivity
znrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Seropositivity
nelfe	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Seropositivity
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Seropositivity
gpank1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Osteoarthritis
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Osteoarthritis
timp4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Osteoarthritis
hprt1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Osteoarthritis
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Osteoarthritis
abhd16a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Osteoarthritis
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Osteoarthritis
LOC100710962	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Osteoarthritis
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Osteoarthritis
gpatch8	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
itgb6	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
trpm7	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
tmco6	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
llgl2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
ruvbl2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100712050	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
parp12	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100701814	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
celsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
ubr3	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
mgat5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
clcn6	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100689957	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
ngb	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke
gar1	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Aplastic
gar1	GAD_DISEASE:exercise treadmill test traits
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:exercise treadmill test traits
gata2	GAD_DISEASE:Blast Crisis|Hematologic Neoplasms|Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
gata2	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
smyd5	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
cenpp	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100689955	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
ecm2	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
iars	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
map9	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
mcub	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
samd4a	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
tmem178a	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100710065	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
bend7	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
borcs5	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
dcaf13	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
prdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100698758	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100698817	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
clcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
lg9h8orf34	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
dusp4	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
glrx3	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
klhl22	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
lmbr1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
ldlrad3	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
musk	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
myom1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
nrap	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
pald1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
plekhs1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
slc25a32	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100695568	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100700727	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
bnip3	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
cop1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100699246	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
samsn1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
suds3	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
aacs	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
atg4c	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
ca8	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
ctsc	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
cfap61	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
crnkl1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
foxn3	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
pdgfd	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
lg12h9orf84	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100694590	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
tada2a	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
prdm16	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
sfxn5	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
arhgap5	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100692123	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100695450	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
cct7	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
dthd1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
fmnl3	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
mtcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
nr2c2	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
plekhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
rpa3	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
tmbim6	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
triqk	GAD_DISEASE:Breath Tests
gata2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
park7	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
rras2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100708296	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100703081	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100704166	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
cast	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
comt	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
fgf20b	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
hspa9	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
hrh1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
htt	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
il10	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100703008	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
nucks1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
tfb2m	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
trpm7	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
uchl1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
decr1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100694501	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100696266	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
ace	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100712562	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100706716	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100707972	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
grn	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100708428	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
homer1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
ntng1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100698253	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
epha4	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100690924	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100701586	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
mras	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
pak5	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
phactr2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100690065	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100693660	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
ret	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
sncaip	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
trappc4	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
ulk2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
atp13a2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100710029	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
gigyf2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100693638	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
pink1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
chp1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100697625	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
hdac6	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
rnf114	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
rnf41	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
tfb1m	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
LOC100697866	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease    
gata2	GAD_DISEASE:nasal polyposis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:nasal polyposis
LOC100704908	GAD_DISEASE:nasal polyposis
wdr36	GAD_DISEASE:nasal polyposis
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:nasal polyposis
myb	GAD_DISEASE:nasal polyposis
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:nasal polyposis
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:nasal polyposis
gata2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma eosinophil count
wdr36	GAD_DISEASE:plasma eosinophil count
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma eosinophil count
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:plasma eosinophil count
LOC100700589	GAD_DISEASE:Acute lymphoblastic leukemia 
hao1	GAD_DISEASE:Acute lymphoblastic leukemia 
LOC100700589	GAD_DISEASE:dyslexia
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:dyslexia
LOC102077381	GAD_DISEASE:dyslexia
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:dyslexia
LOC100699377	GAD_DISEASE:dyslexia
dnaaf4	GAD_DISEASE:dyslexia
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:dyslexia
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:dyslexia
mrpl19	GAD_DISEASE:dyslexia
plcb2	GAD_DISEASE:dyslexia
LOC100709727	GAD_DISEASE:dyslexia
LOC102081539	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
LOC100709061	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
sox10	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
LOC100709783	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
LOC100710479	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
LOC100704908	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
LOC100691939	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
csgalnact2	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
ret	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
dhh	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease
gmppb	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
tab1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
traip	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
arpc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
amigo3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
atxn2l	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100709874	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
dag1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
ip6k1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
mst1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100699554	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
nicn1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100699911	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
rnf123	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
stx8	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100702014	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
usp4	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
bcl3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
lyrm4	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100693800	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
ccny	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100696016	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
ube2l3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100698832	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100699238	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100699154	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
erap2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
exoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
lacc1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
sympk	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100708019	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
faf1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
amt	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
dnah12	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100704637	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
gins3	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|
ndrg4	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|
rnf207	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|
pln	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|
gipc1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; breast cancer
tp53i3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; breast cancer
gli1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Skin Neoplasms
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Skin Neoplasms
gli1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
gli1	GAD_DISEASE:ventricular septal defect
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Acute Disease|Low Back Pain|Pain|Sciatica
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Acute Disease|Low Back Pain|Pain|Sciatica
glra1	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Acute Disease|Low Back Pain|Pain|Sciatica
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Acute Disease|Low Back Pain|Pain|Sciatica
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Acute Disease|Low Back Pain|Pain|Sciatica
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Acute Disease|Low Back Pain|Pain|Sciatica
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Acute Disease|Low Back Pain|Pain|Sciatica
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Acute Disease|Low Back Pain|Pain|Sciatica
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Acute Disease|Low Back Pain|Pain|Sciatica
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Acute Disease|Low Back Pain|Pain|Sciatica
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension
th	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Chromosome Deletion|Dystonic Disorders
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders
pts	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders
spr	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders
LOC100700751	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders
th	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders
LOC100702877	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Labor Pain
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Pain
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Pain
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Pain
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:Pain
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:Pain
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Pain
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Pain
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:Pain|Pancreatitis, Chronic
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100697603	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
park7	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100534413	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
cast	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
comt	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
ccdc62	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
cnnm2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100692258	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
fgf20b	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
keap1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100703008	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
lrrk1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
nucks1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
slc41a1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100693075	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
sncb	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
uchl1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
polg	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC102080083	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100696266	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
aoc1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
ins	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
itga8	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
ireb2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
nefm	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
spr	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
siah1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
sfxn2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
shh	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
stbd1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100694933	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
th	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
fbxo7	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
ascl1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
acmsd	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100702684	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
cryz	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
gak	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100701843	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
ism1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
lamp3	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
mccc1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
mtif3	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100693660	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
stk39	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
sncaip	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
atp13a2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
cdcp2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100710029	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
gigyf2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
ndufv2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
pink1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100695032	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100707476	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100710057	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100698645	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
usp24	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
usp40	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:broad range of clinical presentations
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, dopa responsive
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, primary
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, primary
sgce	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, primary
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:pain intensity
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:pain intensity
LOC100701948	GAD_DISEASE:tetrahydrobiopterin metabolic disorders
pts	GAD_DISEASE:tetrahydrobiopterin metabolic disorders
herc1	GAD_DISEASE:Iris
sema3a	GAD_DISEASE:Iris
traf3ip1	GAD_DISEASE:Iris
cpsf2	GAD_DISEASE:Iris
LOC100709727	GAD_DISEASE:Iris
hesx1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypopituitarism|Hypopituitarism NOS
lhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypopituitarism|Hypopituitarism NOS
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypopituitarism|Hypopituitarism NOS
lhx4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypopituitarism|Hypopituitarism NOS
hesx1	GAD_DISEASE:evolving hypopitutarism
hesx1	GAD_DISEASE:hypopituitarism midline neurological abnormalities optic nerve hypoplasia pituitary dysfunction septooptic dysplasia
hesx1	GAD_DISEASE:isolated congenital pituitary hypoplasia and septo-optic dysplasia
LOC100695640	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
agtrap	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
as3mt	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
cnnm2	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
plcd3	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
LOC100696074	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
acbd4	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
LOC100704013	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
casz1	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
clcn6	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:systolic blood pressure
hmgxb3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
rapgef2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
evi5l	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
LOC100706012	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
spcs3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
cmtm8	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
epha5	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
anxa1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
LOC100690985	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
glrx3	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
LOC100707947	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
pde7a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
LOC100690594	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
slco5a1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
bicra	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
gpr156	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
LOC100694062	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
wdr27	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
LOC102078805	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
dyrk1a	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
LOC106098181	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
mcm8	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
prkg2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
tmem182	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
tmeff2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
LOC100693720	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
mad2l1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
nedd9	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
pc	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1
itk	GAD_DISEASE:atopy; dermatitis and eczema
LOC100691723	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
rab22a	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100698415	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
spg7	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100690887	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
b3gntl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
wdr77	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
acsf3	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100708112	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
chl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100707142	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100704610	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
hs3st1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100710690	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
minar1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
map2k4	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
mlkl	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100696918	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100693467	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
psmf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100692191	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
sqstm1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100705402	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
slc6a5	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100693905	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
vat1l	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
adamts16	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100695260	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
malrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
rasal1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
rcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
alad	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100701393	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
cpvl	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
col11a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
duox1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
enkur	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
exosc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100708037	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
hunk	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100708733	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
olfm1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
kcnj6	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
rttn	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100697028	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
sall3	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100701814	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100692924	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
tmem250	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100693358	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
usp25	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
vwde	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
zeb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
haao	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100691860	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
alkal2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
fkbp6	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
ssx2ip	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
fam19a5	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100697174	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
acvr1c	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
cdc123	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100711565	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
elac1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
fer1l6	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100697358	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
galnt17	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
prr16	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
prox1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
rnf17	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
sacs	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
ssbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
slc22a16	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
slc4a4	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100701060	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
tent2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
tfec	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
vps13a	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
atp5pb	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
barhl2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
fggy	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
prdm16	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
rab31	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
vapa	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100699250	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
casz1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
dcdc2c	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
erich1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
lrrc74a	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
ntsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100694799	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
pdcd6ip	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
pcmtd1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100707347	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
tmem161a	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobin A, Glycosylated
LOC100691723	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
bet1l	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
stard13	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
LOC100712416	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
arhgef11	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm
ist1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
dhodh	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
LOC100707211	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
atp8b1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
cwc15	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
gsx1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
bmt2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
lg10h5orf15	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
pdx1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
gpr85	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
abhd13	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
LOC100694773	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
pawr	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
LOC100697625	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
rgl1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder
jpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
gosr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
smg6	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
slc25a46	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100690952	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100701682	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
tsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
cep120	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
cep85l	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC102083227	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
slc35f1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
pln	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Aneuploidy|Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Aneuploidy|Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
sycp1	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
tex11	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
dmc1	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
LOC100694232	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
LOC100708638	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
piwil1	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
piwil2	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
spata22	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
LOC100692924	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
ube2b	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
fkbp6	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
spo11	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
ybx2	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
LOC100710572	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
LOC100691886	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
msh4	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
ndufab1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
nek4	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
dpy19l3	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
dctn5	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
palb2	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
mctp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
rasgrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar disorder
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
casp2	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors|Liver Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasm Seeding|Neoplasm, Residual|Splenic Neoplasms
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms|Mastocytosis, Systemic
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperpigmentation|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperpigmentation|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Translocation, Genetic
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Translocation, Genetic
LOC100704168	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Translocation, Genetic
LOC100698183	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Translocation, Genetic
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Translocation, Genetic
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Translocation, Genetic
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Mastocytosis
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
atxn7	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
lg6h4orf33	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
LOC100707137	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
LOC100698564	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
tcf12	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
LOC100700683	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
pamr1	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
abcc9	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
fam84a	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
LOC100711396	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
kyat3	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
nid2	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
ppm1a	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
tmem196	GAD_DISEASE:Maximal Midexpiratory Flow Rate
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
asip	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
cdk10	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
mtap	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
pigu	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
LOC100711455	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
LOC100711224	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
sox10	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
mgrn1	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100534525	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100704034	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
ap3b1	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
mlana	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
hps1	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
myo7a	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
pax3	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
atrn	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
traip	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
ara	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
clcn7	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
il10	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100534525	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
ror2	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
pdlim4	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100693777	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
casr	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100697270	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
ctsk	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
esrra	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
ggcx	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
kl	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
sost	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100709203	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100700099	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
npy	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100699058	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal cancer
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal cancer
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:hyperpigmentation
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
ara	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
polg	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
spo11	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
dazl	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
LOC100691886	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloid
kras	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloid
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloid
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
bysl	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
rtbdn	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
rcl1	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
fam234a	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
cd164	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
ikzf1	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
myb	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
LOC100709246	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
march8	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
tymp	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular volume
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:slow transit constipation
tacr2	GAD_DISEASE:slow transit constipation
tacr3b	GAD_DISEASE:slow transit constipation
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:slow transit constipation
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:slow transit constipation
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:slow transit constipation
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:slow transit constipation
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:slow transit constipation
LOC102082036	GAD_DISEASE:slow transit constipation
LOC100706409	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
egf	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
ace	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
laptm4b	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
gtf2a1	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
hspa13	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
parp4	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
tp53bp2	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
LOC100712021	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer
lrp4	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
hdac5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
lg4h17orf53	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
zbtb40	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
sost	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
LOC100697014	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
LOC100699250	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
ccdc170	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (hip)
lrp4	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
sp7	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
hdac5	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
LOC100697102	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
zbtb40	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
LOC100697014	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
stard3nl	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
LOC100699250	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone
lrp4	GAD_DISEASE:fibrin fragment D
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:fibrin fragment D
arhgef28	GAD_DISEASE:fibrin fragment D
f3	GAD_DISEASE:fibrin fragment D
elavl2	GAD_DISEASE:fibrin fragment D
nme7	GAD_DISEASE:fibrin fragment D
slc19a2	GAD_DISEASE:fibrin fragment D
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Dementia|Dementia, Vascular|Lipid Metabolism Disorders|Neurodegenerative Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Dementia|Dementia, Vascular|Lipid Metabolism Disorders|Neurodegenerative Diseases
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Biliary Tract Neoplasm|Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Gallstones
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Biliary Tract Neoplasm|Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Gallstones
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Biliary Tract Neoplasm|Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Gallstones
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Biliary Tract Neoplasm|Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Gallstones
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Biliary Tract Neoplasm|Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Gallstones
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:Gallstones
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:Gallstones
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Gallstones
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Gallstones
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Gallstones
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Gallstones
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:Goiter|Hypothyroidism
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:gallstones
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:gallstones
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:gallstones
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:gallstones
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:gallstones
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:gallstones
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:gallstones
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:gallstones
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma apolipoprotein AI (apoAI) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) levels
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:plasma apolipoprotein AI (apoAI) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) levels
lrpap1	GAD_DISEASE:venous thrombosis
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:venous thrombosis
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:venous thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:venous thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:venous thrombosis
proc	GAD_DISEASE:venous thrombosis
lasp1	GAD_DISEASE:autism
shank2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:autism
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:autism
comt	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:autism
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:autism
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100698579	GAD_DISEASE:autism
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:autism
med12	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100702995	GAD_DISEASE:autism
nlgn3	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100706047	GAD_DISEASE:autism
pld5	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:autism
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:autism
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:autism
hras	GAD_DISEASE:autism
met	GAD_DISEASE:autism
pou6f2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100700713	GAD_DISEASE:autism
st8sia2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
taf1c	GAD_DISEASE:autism
wnt2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:autism
arx	GAD_DISEASE:autism
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:autism
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:autism
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100706716	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:autism
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:autism
ldlrad3	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100699679	GAD_DISEASE:autism
mrtfb	GAD_DISEASE:autism
myo1d	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100692734	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100704174	GAD_DISEASE:autism
pitx1	GAD_DISEASE:autism
ptchd1	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:autism
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100711602	GAD_DISEASE:autism
reln	GAD_DISEASE:autism
robo3	GAD_DISEASE:autism
robo4	GAD_DISEASE:autism
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:autism
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:autism
th	GAD_DISEASE:autism
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:autism
dao	GAD_DISEASE:autism
fosb	GAD_DISEASE:autism
asmt	GAD_DISEASE:autism
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
foxp2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100695821	GAD_DISEASE:autism
nostrin	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:autism
snd1	GAD_DISEASE:autism
vwa8	GAD_DISEASE:autism
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:autism
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100708930	GAD_DISEASE:autism
dlgap2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
ada	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:autism
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:autism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:autism
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:autism
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100700247	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100698085	GAD_DISEASE:autism
LOC100695017	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC102077149	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100692294	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
aip	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100701648	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
emp2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
fam114a1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
grb2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100703825	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
irx5	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100697018	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
map2k4	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100702836	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
slc25a19	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
slc38a9	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100708550	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
ttc17	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
tcf12	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
znf330	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
bms1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
hace1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
lmo2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
pds5b	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
arhgap26	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
snf8	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
sox17	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100698758	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100705583	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
hunk	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100707272	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
nrsn1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
p4ha2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100696374	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
rgs9	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
ttll6	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
abca12	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
ehbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
epha3	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
lmo3	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
sphkap	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
rsrc1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
dars	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
ddah1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
dusp12	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
dyrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
dnah7	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
xpo4	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
fam83b	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
mmab	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
mtif3	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
nxph2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
nr5a2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
kctd10	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100699239	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
p2ry2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
sgcg	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
stk17b	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100706809	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
ube3b	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100698352	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
kiaa2013	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100693614	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC109194311	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100692884	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
sh3yl1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
cbln4	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
cyyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
egln3	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100703939	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100700789	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100698901	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100700140	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
jarid2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
pex14	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
LOC100706306	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
zranb3	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma
lonrf1	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
itga11	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
lpcat2	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
LOC100704141	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
tcf4	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
cpeb3	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
id2	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
tmem196	GAD_DISEASE:Survival
lrba	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
mapkap1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
rapgef2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
spg7	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
cenpf	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
ell2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100704610	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100704787	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
kat14	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
megf10	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100707137	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100693785	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
rnf150	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
rnf4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
sema6d	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
suclg2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100702345	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100691671	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
bmper	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
ehf	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100693441	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
atg5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
bpgm	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
cdk8	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
dnah5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
ice1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100707272	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100701990	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
zfhx4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100695266	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
adamts3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100706476	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
rhag	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100694010	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
bphl	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
ca8	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
chpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
fam43a	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
fhl2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
gpm6b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
grem2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
ivns1abp	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
klhl29	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
maip1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
msgn1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
mospd2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100706955	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
sema3c	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
ubr3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
veph1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
ferd3l	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
abra	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
aadat	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
arsj	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
dthd1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
dnm3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
kiaa1324	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
exoc5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100703939	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC109194170	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100709447	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
hspa4l	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
klhl14	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100711622	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
magoh	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
mbd5	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
myo10	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
retreg1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
LOC102080396	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
shroom4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
spag17	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
usp24	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoproteins, VLDL
mphosph6	GAD_DISEASE:Benzodiazepines
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Benzodiazepines
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Benzodiazepines
hivep1	GAD_DISEASE:Benzodiazepines
lrp12	GAD_DISEASE:Benzodiazepines
LOC100696871	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Syndrome
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Syndrome
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Syndrome
LOC100693456	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Syndrome
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Syndrome
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Syndrome
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Syndrome
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Syndrome
LOC100696871	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100695908	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
ara	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC102079080	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100693591	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100695628	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:LDL cholesterol
LOC100696871	GAD_DISEASE:response to TNF antagonist treatment
qki	GAD_DISEASE:response to TNF antagonist treatment
LOC100711179	GAD_DISEASE:response to TNF antagonist treatment
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:response to TNF antagonist treatment
cers6	GAD_DISEASE:response to TNF antagonist treatment
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:response to TNF antagonist treatment
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Goiter
capzb	GAD_DISEASE:Goiter
fgf7	GAD_DISEASE:Goiter
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
LOC100711032	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
slc9a6	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
decr1	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
LOC100702251	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
myrip	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
itgbl1	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
st18	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
clcn6	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
kiaa1324	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Natriuretic Peptide, Brain
LOC100702616	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
LOC100695016	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
baz2b	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
capzb	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
LOC100692094	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
etv1	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
LOC100709295	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
hace1	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
cadm2	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
LOC100695493	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
pde8b	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
LOC100708685	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
hps1	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
LOC100699288	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
med27	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
pyroxd2	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
LOC100695257	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
nudcd1	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
tifa	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
mgat5	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
angpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
cdca7l	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
hspa4l	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
lnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
tmem196	GAD_DISEASE:Thyrotropin
mdga1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
aanat	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100710852	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100690541	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
nfil3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
nr1d1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
tdo2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
rorb	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
smg6	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
ace	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
bhlhe41	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
egr3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100693278	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
dao	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
brd1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
fabp7	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
zbed4	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100698043	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
p53	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | bipolar disorder
madd	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
spi1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
prkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
strn4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
madd	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
LOC100706665	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
LOC100700740	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
maco1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|
madd	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Tolerance Test
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Tolerance Test
vps13c	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Tolerance Test
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Tolerance Test
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Tolerance Test
adcy5	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Tolerance Test
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Tolerance Test
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Tolerance Test
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Tolerance Test
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Tolerance Test
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Tolerance Test
madd	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
LOC100698515	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
agmo	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
adcy5	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
gck	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
prox1	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose-related traits 
madd	GAD_DISEASE:glucose-stimulated beta cell function
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:glucose-stimulated beta cell function
LOC100698515	GAD_DISEASE:glucose-stimulated beta cell function
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:glucose-stimulated beta cell function
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:glucose-stimulated beta cell function
adcy5	GAD_DISEASE:glucose-stimulated beta cell function
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:glucose-stimulated beta cell function
prox1	GAD_DISEASE:glucose-stimulated beta cell function
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:glucose-stimulated beta cell function
LOC100696070	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
olfm1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
LOC100700034	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
depdc5	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
efcab14	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
rcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic
LOC100699040	GAD_DISEASE:normalized brain volume, multiple sclerosis
kcnip1	GAD_DISEASE:normalized brain volume, multiple sclerosis
LOC100693700	GAD_DISEASE:normalized brain volume, multiple sclerosis
svil	GAD_DISEASE:normalized brain volume, multiple sclerosis
mdm4	GAD_DISEASE:fertility
usp7	GAD_DISEASE:fertility
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:fertility
p53	GAD_DISEASE:fertility
meak7	GAD_DISEASE:Esophagitis
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Esophagitis
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:Esophagitis
sntb1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophagitis
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Esophagitis
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:Nocturnal Myoclonus Syndrome|Restless Legs Syndrome|Tourette Syndrome
LOC100696486	GAD_DISEASE:Nocturnal Myoclonus Syndrome|Restless Legs Syndrome|Tourette Syndrome
map2k5	GAD_DISEASE:Nocturnal Myoclonus Syndrome|Restless Legs Syndrome|Tourette Syndrome
btbd9	GAD_DISEASE:Nocturnal Myoclonus Syndrome|Restless Legs Syndrome|Tourette Syndrome
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:PR interval
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:PR interval
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:PR interval
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:PR interval
wnt11	GAD_DISEASE:PR interval
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:PR interval
cav2	GAD_DISEASE:PR interval
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:PR interval
LOC100694188	GAD_DISEASE:restless legs syndrome
LOC100696486	GAD_DISEASE:restless legs syndrome
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:restless legs syndrome
atxn7	GAD_DISEASE:restless legs syndrome
map2k5	GAD_DISEASE:restless legs syndrome
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:restless legs syndrome
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:restless legs syndrome
btbd9	GAD_DISEASE:restless legs syndrome
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:restless legs syndrome
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:restless legs syndrome
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:restless legs syndrome
nags	GAD_DISEASE:acute neonatal disease and hyperammonemia
naa25	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis|Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis|Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis|Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis|Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis|Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
naa25	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
helq	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms
LOC100697603	GAD_DISEASE:progressive supranuclear palsy
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:progressive supranuclear palsy
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:progressive supranuclear palsy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:progressive supranuclear palsy
mpg	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
pxk	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
tab1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
xiap	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
adad1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
dusp1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100693282	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
mmel1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100692416	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100697168	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC106098755	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100694452	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
prdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
wfdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
cep72	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
eif2s3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
myo3a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100695849	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
hspd1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100705374	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100711270	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
impdh2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100691451	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100706560	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
pip4k2c	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
ppp1r9a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
ripk1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100696873	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
uba1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
ntan1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ntan1	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
dagla	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
pdxdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
LOC100708550	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
LOC100702345	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
znf536	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
alg14	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
rab3il1	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
LOC100691977	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
LOC100704872	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
myrf	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
tmem258	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
agpat3	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
ilkap	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
itga9	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
LOC100701261	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
LOC100705013	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
abhd3	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
LOC100695553	GAD_DISEASE:Phospholipids
nadsyn1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
LOC100695816	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
bms1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
pof1b	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
cdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
tex47	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
lg12h9orf3	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
LOC100698647	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D
ndufab1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
dctn5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
palb2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Coronary Artery Disease|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus|Hypertension|Rheumatoid Arthritis
nox1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100693678	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC106098755	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100707970	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100693777	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
cav2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
duox1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100701694	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
nr0b2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100699493	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
rara	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100695146	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
htr2b	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
ikzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
nox4	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100701417	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100696994	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100708706	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
tie1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
rela	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
angpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100705711	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
pde5a	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome|Liver Cirrhosis
nedd4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
cpeb1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
prkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
strn4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
LOC100705541	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
farp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic lymphocytic leukemia
nedd4	GAD_DISEASE:Keloid
LOC100699578	GAD_DISEASE:Keloid
dusp10	GAD_DISEASE:Keloid
foxl2	GAD_DISEASE:Keloid
n4bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
sbf2	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
ankrd50	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
irx3	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
katnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
pdrg1	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC100705319	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC100703740	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
srsf3	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC100704529	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC100704398	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
msantd2	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
alad	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
capsl	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
gsdme	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
rgma	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC100696185	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
adamts3	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
btbd9	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
sphkap	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
lg16h3orf38	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC100690703	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
iws1	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC100700010	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
man1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
atp10a	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
dot1l	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
frmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
ablim2	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
amph	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
pdss2	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
egln3	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
mipol1	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
mrps9	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC100703117	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC100692607	GAD_DISEASE:Basophils
LOC100691519	GAD_DISEASE:Immunoglobulin E
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Immunoglobulin E
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:Immunoglobulin E
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Immunoglobulin E
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Graves Disease|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Graves Disease|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Septal Defects|Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial|Heart Septal Defects, Ventricular|Ventricular Septal Defects
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Septal Defects|Death, Sudden|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial|Isolated Noncompaction of the Ventricular Myocardium|Syncope
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100697931	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
hand2	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100704827	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100700683	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
rexo4	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
fbln1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
zbtb16	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
gata6	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Hypothyroidism|Cretinism
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Hypothyroidism|Cretinism
LOC100701954	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Hypothyroidism|Cretinism
nkx2-1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Hypothyroidism|Cretinism
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Double Outlet Right Ventricle|Heart Defects, Congenital|Pulmonary Atresia|Tetralogy of Fallot|Transposition of Great Vessels|Truncus Arteriosus, Persistent
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital
tbx20	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial|Heart Septal Defects, Ventricular
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects, Ventricular
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects, Ventricular|Tetralogy of Fallot
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects, Ventricular|Tetralogy of Fallot
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Septal Defects, Ventricular|Ventricular Septal Defects
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:Progressive AV-block and anomalous venous return
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:congenital heart disease
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic atrial fibrillation
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic atrial fibrillation
nkx2-5	GAD_DISEASE:tetralogy of Fallot
tbx1	GAD_DISEASE:tetralogy of Fallot
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:tetralogy of Fallot
LOC100701639	GAD_DISEASE:Testicular Neoplasms
atf7ip	GAD_DISEASE:Testicular Neoplasms
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:Testicular Neoplasms
cenpe	GAD_DISEASE:Testicular Neoplasms
LOC100534555	GAD_DISEASE:Testicular Neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Testicular Neoplasms
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Testicular Neoplasms
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Testicular Neoplasms
LOC100698935	GAD_DISEASE:Testicular Neoplasms
ogt	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100704840	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Pancreatic Neoplasms
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Pancreatic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100694159	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Pancreatic Neoplasms
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Pancreatic Neoplasms
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Pancreatic Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100695908	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
tbl2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
angptl3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
kctd10	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
LOC100693591	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders
pdlim3	GAD_DISEASE:dilated cardiomyopathy
csrp3	GAD_DISEASE:dilated cardiomyopathy
tcap	GAD_DISEASE:dilated cardiomyopathy
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:dilated cardiomyopathy
pou3f4	GAD_DISEASE:deafness
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:deafness
ucn	GAD_DISEASE:deafness
LOC100711408	GAD_DISEASE:deafness
patz1	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
psmc3ip	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
cdk2	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
ube2b	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
pex10	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
prkag1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100699299	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
mef2d	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pdx1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pck2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
prkaa1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
prkab1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100706552	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC109198658	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
prkaa2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100697765	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:Suntan
cpne7	GAD_DISEASE:Suntan
dbndd1	GAD_DISEASE:Suntan
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Suntan
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:Suntan
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Suntan
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:Suntan
LOC100709980	GAD_DISEASE:Suntan
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Suntan
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 triglycerides
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 triglycerides
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 triglycerides
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 triglycerides
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 triglycerides
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity
LOC100702181	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:elite endurance
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:elite endurance
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:elite endurance
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:elite endurance
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:elite endurance
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:elite endurance
nfatc4	GAD_DISEASE:elite endurance
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:elite endurance
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:muscle testing PGC-1beta expression
ppargc1b	GAD_DISEASE:tanning
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:tanning
prdm15	GAD_DISEASE:tanning
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:tanning
exoc2	GAD_DISEASE:tanning
grm5	GAD_DISEASE:tanning
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
prdm2	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
ehmt1	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
ehmt2	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:overall effect
prelid3b	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
arhgef3	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
capn9	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
grtp1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
lrrc4b	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
plekho2	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100698564	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
slc6a1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
tmcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
bet1l	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100692645	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100711937	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100707472	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
ak3	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100702757	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
dok6	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
mak	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100711626	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
rnf145	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100706669	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
tsg101	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
zfpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
bcas3	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
brf1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100712260	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100706610	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100703676	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
wdr66	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
col24a1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
cnnm1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
dock8	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
eys	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100698773	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
mras	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
nepro	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
ppp4r3a	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
syndig1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
trpv4	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
tmem121b	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100702043	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
cables1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
kiaa0232	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC109194311	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
ajap1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
angpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
ankrd9	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
baz2a	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
dnm3	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100692806	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
itpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
nfe2	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
LOC100707247	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
tpm4	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Count
prkcsh	GAD_DISEASE:Asymptomatic Diseases|Cyst|Cysts|Liver Diseases
sec63	GAD_DISEASE:Asymptomatic Diseases|Cyst|Cysts|Liver Diseases
prkcsh	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
ddost	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
LOC100706816	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
prkcsh	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease, polycystic
sec63	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease, polycystic
prkcsh	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic liver disease
pxk	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
phrf1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
ets1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
c5	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
fam167a	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus 
rab27a	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Lymphohistiocytosis, Hemophagocytic
unc13d	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Lymphohistiocytosis, Hemophagocytic
LOC102076290	GAD_DISEASE:Hereditary Sensory and Autonomic Neuropathies
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Hereditary Sensory and Autonomic Neuropathies
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:Hereditary Sensory and Autonomic Neuropathies
sptlc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hereditary Sensory and Autonomic Neuropathies
cct5	GAD_DISEASE:Hereditary Sensory and Autonomic Neuropathies
rad23a	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Melanoma
ran	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
tarbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
dkk2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100692334	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
inka2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
ctdspl	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
dgcr8	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100706140	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100695719	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100703866	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
nsrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
piwil1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
sema4g	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
svil	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
xpo5	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
gemin4	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
huwe1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100708747	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100706888	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100694327	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
nfyc	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
LOC100700616	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms
ran	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Renal Cell Carcinoma
tarbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Renal Cell Carcinoma
dgcr8	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Renal Cell Carcinoma
LOC100706140	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Renal Cell Carcinoma
LOC100695719	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Renal Cell Carcinoma
piwil1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Renal Cell Carcinoma
xpo5	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Renal Cell Carcinoma
gemin4	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Renal Cell Carcinoma
ddx20	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Renal Cell Carcinoma
LOC100706888	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Renal Cell Carcinoma
ran	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Premature Birth
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Premature Birth
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Premature Birth
ran	GAD_DISEASE:Panic Disorder
LOC100696388	GAD_DISEASE:Panic Disorder
LOC100697078	GAD_DISEASE:Panic Disorder
smox	GAD_DISEASE:Panic Disorder
tnfrsf21	GAD_DISEASE:Panic Disorder
iyd	GAD_DISEASE:Panic Disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Panic Disorder
LOC100709980	GAD_DISEASE:Panic Disorder
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:Panic Disorder
LOC100692495	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor
LOC100704422	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor
LOC100707137	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor
agmo	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor
ctif	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor
trrap	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor
LOC100692495	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
LOC100708151	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
cdh8	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
rnf130	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
slc9a6	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
dlgap1	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
laptm4b	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
svil	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
arid5b	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
bet1	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
ipo5	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Tumor Necrosis Factor, Type II
rest	GAD_DISEASE:Bleomycin
rest	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
comt	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
htt	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
hras	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
kras	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100700713	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
wwc1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100695178	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100704838	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
kl	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
map2k1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
braf	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100704054	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
LOC100693228	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
ncstn	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability
rbmx	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia
sycp3	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia
LOC100701446	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia
fkbp6	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia
vps52	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia
LOC100695921	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
dpp6	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
susd1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC100692991	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC112841721	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
sema6a	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC100708436	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
zfp64	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC100695921	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis
stard3nl	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis
LOC100695921	GAD_DISEASE:Temporal Lobe
LOC100694717	GAD_DISEASE:Temporal Lobe
tmem106b	GAD_DISEASE:Temporal Lobe
LOC100704542	GAD_DISEASE:Temporal Lobe
ubr3	GAD_DISEASE:Temporal Lobe
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:Temporal Lobe
rpgrip1l	GAD_DISEASE: Joubert syndrome
LOC100697553	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Occupational Diseases
LOC100708296	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Occupational Diseases
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Occupational Diseases
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Occupational Diseases
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Occupational Diseases
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Occupational Diseases
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Occupational Diseases
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Occupational Diseases
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Occupational Diseases
LOC100697553	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation
acsl4	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation
LOC100708296	GAD_DISEASE:neutrophil immunodeficiency syndrome
rapgef2	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
ankrd50	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
cdh8	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
slc22a18	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
LOC100697470	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
LOC100710169	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
eea1	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
trim44	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
arhgef7	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
LOC100711565	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
sema3c	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
tmx1	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
usp40	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin
rassf1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; colorectal cancer; esophageal cancer; head and neck cancer
rassf1	GAD_DISEASE:non-small cell lung cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:non-small cell lung cancer
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:non-small cell lung cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:non-small cell lung cancer
arhgap10	GAD_DISEASE:Walking
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Walking
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:Walking
rbm33	GAD_DISEASE:Walking
tmem135	GAD_DISEASE:Walking
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:Walking
tfg	GAD_DISEASE:Walking
tbc1d5	GAD_DISEASE:Walking
cyyr1	GAD_DISEASE:Walking
arhgef10l	GAD_DISEASE:Basal cell carcinoma (cutaneous)
rcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Basal cell carcinoma (cutaneous)
arhgef10l	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
asip	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
slc24a5	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100711224	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
atrn	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
rcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
arhgef3	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
thsd4	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
arhgef3	GAD_DISEASE:mean platelet volume
tmcc2	GAD_DISEASE:mean platelet volume
bet1l	GAD_DISEASE:mean platelet volume
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:mean platelet volume
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:mean platelet volume
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:mean platelet volume
LOC100712260	GAD_DISEASE:mean platelet volume
wdr66	GAD_DISEASE:mean platelet volume
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:mean platelet volume
dnm3	GAD_DISEASE:mean platelet volume
arhgef3	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
LOC100698400	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
ara	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
clcn7	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
flnb	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
casr	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
LOC100697270	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
fdps	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
nr5a2	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
crtap	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis
rhobtb3	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
LOC100693466	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
LOC100694597	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
ascc3	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
dnaaf4	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
LOC100707965	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
mat2b	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
ncoa2	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
cwc22	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
LOC100699246	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
LOC102081671	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Arteries
rhobtb3	GAD_DISEASE:Phosphorus
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Phosphorus
dab2ip	GAD_DISEASE:Phosphorus
depdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Phosphorus
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Phosphorus
adgrg6	GAD_DISEASE:Phosphorus
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:Phosphorus
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Phosphorus
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Phosphorus
sltm	GAD_DISEASE:Asperger Syndrome
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Asperger Syndrome
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Asperger Syndrome
smyd3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC100705483	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC100708462	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
tmc5	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
gpr158	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC100691717	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC100710803	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
dtl	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
epg5	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
pkp4	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
galnt13	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
rubcnl	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
mtcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
smyd3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
ccne1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
cars	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100711643	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
syk	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100711224	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
bms1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
gpr141	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100709793	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
cdca2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100690133	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
map3k15	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
myo5b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
thnsl1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
frmd3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
limk2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
sash1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100700383	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
msrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
map3k5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
pex7	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100702877	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
rnf17	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
gata6	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
rbm46	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
lg20h1orf174	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC109194170	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
lnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
march11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
pde5a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
retreg1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
tmem63c	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
usp24	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
znf622	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies
smyd3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; colorectal cancer; liver cancer
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; colorectal cancer; liver cancer
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; colorectal cancer; liver cancer
smyd3	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
mob2	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer
sbf2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
LOC100704516	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
lrrtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
LOC100701355	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
pctp	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
galnt18	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
sycp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
LOC100705527	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
trappc11	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
tgfbi	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
LOC100699056	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
cmtm8	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
LOC100698126	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
myrip	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
LOC100710973	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
sdccag8	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
st8sia1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
adgrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
foxn3	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
lyst	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
mctp1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
LOC100705349	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
kctd10	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
tm4sf4	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
LOC100710713	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
LOC100692607	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
znf106	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition
sbf2	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
LOC100690481	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
LOC100692426	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
tspan6	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
ncoa2	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
ublcp1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
lhfpl6	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
tbc1d4	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
dip2a	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
napg	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
LOC100689759	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis
sbf2	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
wipi1	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
ccdc92	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
dnah10	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
stag1	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
gmpr	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
mylip	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
pccb	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:lipid levels
sh2d1a	GAD_DISEASE:X-linked lymphoproliferative disease
sh2d1a	GAD_DISEASE:immune deficiency
sh2b1	GAD_DISEASE:body fat leptin
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
LOC100711032	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
pla2r1	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
slc25a26	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
c2cd5	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
dnajc13	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
LOC100694611	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
ccbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
eea1	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
LOC109194205	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
trmt11	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
trim44	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
adamts3	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
epha4	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
LOC100710969	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
pou2af1	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
LOC100690653	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
ptprk	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
slc41a2	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
tmem242	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
klhl14	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins B
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
shpk	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
LOC100702792	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis
LOC100692909	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
lingo2	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
sgms2	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
stx8	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
LOC100711398	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
gucy1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
prpf40a	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
thsd7b	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
arl6ip6	GAD_DISEASE:Follicle Stimulating Hormone
LOC100694434	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
ythdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
baz2b	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
chl1	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100693182	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100694597	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
arl5b	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100706321	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
pex2	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
svip	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
rap1gap2	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100701417	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100710803	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
parp4	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
galnt13	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
tmeff2	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
lrp12	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100694377	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
degs2	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
kctd1	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac
smad1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis
LOC100706145	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis
LOC100690393	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis
LOC100698871	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis
smad1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary
LOC100706145	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary
LOC100698095	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary
LOC100693777	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
mia3	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Hip|Osteoarthritis, Knee
anp32a	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Hip|Osteoarthritis, Knee
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Hip|Osteoarthritis, Knee
LOC100699737	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Hip|Osteoarthritis, Knee
cog5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Hip|Osteoarthritis, Knee
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:bacteremia
LOC100698095	GAD_DISEASE:bacteremia
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:bacteremia
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:bacteremia
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:bacteremia
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:bacteremia
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:bacteremia
LOC100692385	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; Tourette syndrome; bone density; pregnancy loss, recurrent; cleft lip without cleft palate; juvenile polyposis; cleft palate
LOC100693777	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; Tourette syndrome; bone density; pregnancy loss, recurrent; cleft lip without cleft palate; juvenile polyposis; cleft palate
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; Tourette syndrome; bone density; pregnancy loss, recurrent; cleft lip without cleft palate; juvenile polyposis; cleft palate
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; Tourette syndrome; bone density; pregnancy loss, recurrent; cleft lip without cleft palate; juvenile polyposis; cleft palate
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; Tourette syndrome; bone density; pregnancy loss, recurrent; cleft lip without cleft palate; juvenile polyposis; cleft palate
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; Tourette syndrome; bone density; pregnancy loss, recurrent; cleft lip without cleft palate; juvenile polyposis; cleft palate
smurf1	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
dld	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
gtf2e2	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100706459	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
kif21b	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100707779	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
mst1	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
pus10	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
s100z	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
aoc1	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC102078975	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
cadm2	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
cep72	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
glp2r	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100695496	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
tppp	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
usp12	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
rel	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
satb2	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
otud3	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
arpc2	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis
spg7	GAD_DISEASE:Motor Neuron Disease|Paraparesis, Spastic
sox10	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Neoplasm Metastasis|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100534525	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Neoplasm Metastasis|Skin Neoplasms
sox10	GAD_DISEASE:Myelin deficiencies
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Plaque, Atherosclerotic
ap3s2	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Plaque, Atherosclerotic
efl1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Plaque, Atherosclerotic
fsd2	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Plaque, Atherosclerotic
myod1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Plaque, Atherosclerotic
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
zbtb40	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
pth2r	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Osteoporosis
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Osteoporosis
LOC100694759	GAD_DISEASE:obesity and osteoporosis
stn1	GAD_DISEASE:Brachial Artery
stn1	GAD_DISEASE:Endothelial function traits
stn1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyoma
bet1l	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyoma
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyoma
LOC100704669	GAD_DISEASE:Rhabdoid Tumor
LOC100704669	GAD_DISEASE:Rhabdoid predisposition syndrome
LOC100704669	GAD_DISEASE:rhabdoid tumors
sp7	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (spine)
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (spine)
hdac5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (spine)
LOC100697102	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (spine)
zbtb40	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (spine)
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (spine)
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (spine)
stard3nl	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (spine)
LOC100699250	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (spine)
ccdc170	GAD_DISEASE:Bone mineral density (spine)
LOC100698400	GAD_DISEASE:Osteopetrosis
LOC100698400	GAD_DISEASE:bone mass
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone mass
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:bone mass
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:bone mass
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:bone mass
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:bone mass
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:bone mass
tlx3	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
LOC100693678	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
LOC100711670	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
ascl1	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
LOC100701586	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
gck	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
phox2a	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
ret	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
slc37a4	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:SIDS/sudden infant death syndrome
LOC100708151	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Myopia
LOC100704166	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Chromosome Disorders|
LOC100704166	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Dementia
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Dementia
LOC100704166	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Neurodegenerative Diseases
chmp2b	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Neurodegenerative Diseases
LOC100704166	GAD_DISEASE:Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
ubap1	GAD_DISEASE:Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
ubap2	GAD_DISEASE:Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
tmem106b	GAD_DISEASE:Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
chmp2b	GAD_DISEASE:Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
LOC100704166	GAD_DISEASE:dementia, frontotemporal
grn	GAD_DISEASE:dementia, frontotemporal
vcp	GAD_DISEASE:dementia, frontotemporal
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia, frontotemporal
taf5l	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100696287	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100698515	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
skap2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
tcf7	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
rbm17	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebellar Ataxia|
atxn7	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebellar Ataxia|
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebellar Ataxia|
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebellar Ataxia|
atxn10	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebellar Ataxia|
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebellar Ataxia|
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebellar Ataxia|
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability|Spinocerebellar Ataxias
atxn7	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability|Spinocerebellar Ataxias
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability|Spinocerebellar Ataxias
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability|Spinocerebellar Ataxias
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability|Spinocerebellar Ataxias
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability|Spinocerebellar Ataxias
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington Disease|Myoclonic Cerebellar Dyssynergia|Spinocerebellar Ataxias
LOC100696591	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington Disease|Myoclonic Cerebellar Dyssynergia|Spinocerebellar Ataxias
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
htt	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
LOC100696591	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
uchl1	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
fen1	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
hexa	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
hip1	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
zdhhc17	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinsons disease; Alzheimers disease; ataxia; Huntingtons disease
tbp	GAD_DISEASE:Spinocerebellar Ataxias
atxn7	GAD_DISEASE:Spinocerebellar Ataxias
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Spinocerebellar Ataxias
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Spinocerebellar Ataxias
LOC100692350	GAD_DISEASE:Spinocerebellar Ataxias
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Spinocerebellar Ataxias
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:Spinocerebellar Ataxias
LOC100690481	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
comt	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
htt	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
ace	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100710353	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100689869	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
th	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
agt	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:suicide
LOC100694649	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
LOC100690806	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
mrvi1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
megf10	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
LOC100693641	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
pdgfc	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
paqr5	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
rfx7	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
cript	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
gpr141	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
svip	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
sqor	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
ublcp1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
sel1l	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
cep68	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
dync2h1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
LOC102078747	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
nr0b1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
sfrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
rasl11a	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
dmac1	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
ift57	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
LOC100702314	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Platelet Aggregation
terf2ip	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders
pot1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders
LOC100691196	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders
terf1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders
tep1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders
terf2ip	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
kif3a	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
rcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
ahcyl2	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
dusp14	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
LOC100703095	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
fzd5	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
glrx5	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
LOC100695663	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
LOC100698085	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis
tab1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
relb	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
tab2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
ikbkb	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
rela	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Anti-TNF Response
tipin	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
LOC100703692	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
nfil3	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
nr1d1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
rora	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
bhlhe41	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
LOC100703716	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
LOC100703873	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
dab2ip	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:COPD | Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Inflammation|Mouth Neoplasms|Thrombosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Inflammation|Mouth Neoplasms|Thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Inflammation|Mouth Neoplasms|Thrombosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Inflammation|Mouth Neoplasms|Thrombosis
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Inflammation|Mouth Neoplasms|Thrombosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Inflammation|Mouth Neoplasms|Thrombosis
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis|Hypertension
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis|Hypertension
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis|Hypertension
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis|Hypertension
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Constriction, Pathologic|Graft Occlusion, Vascular
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Constriction, Pathologic|Graft Occlusion, Vascular
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Constriction, Pathologic|Graft Occlusion, Vascular
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Constriction, Pathologic|Graft Occlusion, Vascular
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetic Angiopathies|Myocardial Infarction
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetic Angiopathies|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetic Angiopathies|Myocardial Infarction
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetic Angiopathies|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Recurrence
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Recurrence
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Recurrence
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Helicobacter Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Helicobacter Infections
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Helicobacter Infections
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Helicobacter Infections
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Helicobacter Infections
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Helicobacter Infections
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Dupuytren Contracture
wnt4	GAD_DISEASE:Dupuytren Contracture
wnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Dupuytren Contracture
LOC100699779	GAD_DISEASE:Dupuytren Contracture
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:Dupuytren Contracture
wnt7b	GAD_DISEASE:Dupuytren Contracture
LOC100695618	GAD_DISEASE:Dupuytren Contracture
LOC100694149	GAD_DISEASE:Dupuytren Contracture
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|
megf10	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Uterine Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Uterine Diseases
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Uterine Diseases
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Uterine Diseases
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Uterine Diseases
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|
LOC100698043	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:H. pylori infection stomach cancer
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:H. pylori infection stomach cancer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:H. pylori infection stomach cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:H. pylori infection stomach cancer
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:H. pylori infection stomach cancer
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Metaplasia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Metaplasia
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Metaplasia
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Metaplasia
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Metaplasia
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
timp4	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
mmp15	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
mmp24	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
adar	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
irf7	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
ltbp3	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100702797	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100691607	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100692615	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
stxbp5l	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome
LOC100711670	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome
LOC100692298	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:Moyamoya Disease
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Moyamoya Disease
rnf213	GAD_DISEASE:Moyamoya Disease
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Moyamoya Disease
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Moyamoya Disease
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:brain aneurysm
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:brain aneurysm
LOC100705741	GAD_DISEASE:brain aneurysm
LOC100703749	GAD_DISEASE:brain aneurysm
LOC100704692	GAD_DISEASE:brain aneurysm
LOC100702891	GAD_DISEASE:brain aneurysm
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:brain aneurysm
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:brain aneurysm
loxl3	GAD_DISEASE:brain aneurysm
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:brain aneurysm
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
il10	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
hras	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
ace	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100695496	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
hck	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
p53	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:intracerebral hemorrhage
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:intracranial aneurysms
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:intracranial aneurysms
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
hras	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer
LOC100702284	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
egf	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
il16	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
LOC100711365	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
fgl2	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
plat	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
mok	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
LOC100709804	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis
timp4	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
hspa4	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
cby1	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
crh	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
pgrmc1	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100702644	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
hspa14	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC102080384	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
pgrmc2	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Fetal Diseases|Inflammation|Musculoskeletal Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Skin Diseases
timp4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
timp4	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Occlusion|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Occlusion|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
timp4	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
hspa4	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
cby1	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
crh	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100698525	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
pgrmc1	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100702644	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
hspa14	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC102080384	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100698819	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
pgrmc2	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Inflammation|Premature Birth
timp4	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
hspa4	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
cby1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
crh	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
pgrmc1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100702644	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
hspa14	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
nfkb2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC102080384	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
pgrmc2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Premature Birth
timp4	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
cby1	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100702757	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
f3	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
crh	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
pgrmc1	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC102080384	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100698819	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
pgrmc2	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Thyroid Neoplasms
ccdc6	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Thyroid Neoplasms
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Thyroid Neoplasms
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
fndc3a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity
traf6	GAD_DISEASE:antibody response to pertussis vaccination
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:antibody response to pertussis vaccination
tollip	GAD_DISEASE:antibody response to pertussis vaccination
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:antibody response to pertussis vaccination
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:antibody response to pertussis vaccination
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:antibody response to pertussis vaccination
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:antibody response to pertussis vaccination
LOC100698833	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia, Vascular|Inflammation|Stroke
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE|Systemic lupus erythematosus
slc15a4	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE|Systemic lupus erythematosus
ets1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE|Systemic lupus erythematosus
ikzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE|Systemic lupus erythematosus
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE|Systemic lupus erythematosus
rasgrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:Sclerosis
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Sclerosis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Sclerosis
tnpo3	GAD_DISEASE:Sclerosis
tnip1	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
mgst2	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
LOC100704495	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
cchcr1	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
cog6	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
sdr16c5	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
znf148	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
mok	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
spata2	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis
tradd	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatoid spondylitis|Spondylitis, Ankylosing
aspn	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatoid spondylitis|Spondylitis, Ankylosing
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatoid spondylitis|Spondylitis, Ankylosing
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatoid spondylitis|Spondylitis, Ankylosing
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatoid spondylitis|Spondylitis, Ankylosing
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatoid spondylitis|Spondylitis, Ankylosing
tradd	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
gnl1	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
antxr2	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
LOC100710174	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
erap2	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
abcf1	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:ankylosing spondylitis
topors	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100690422	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100699863	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100700385	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100701529	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100706644	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
prpf31	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100705478	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
cerkl	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100699513	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
eys	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100696641	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100694376	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
rp2	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
rho	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100692294	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
LOC100690919	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
ppm1k	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
rnf150	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
slc6a1	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
znf330	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
LOC100702504	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
mfhas1	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
cdc42ep3	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
nbas	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
LOC100694141	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
LOC100706932	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
rps24	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
c1qtnf7	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
cc2d2a	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct Disorder
tox3	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
tox3	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
LOC100707153	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
echdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
LOC100707174	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
ccdc170	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
LOC100701703	GAD_DISEASE:Breast cancer
tox3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|ovarian cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|ovarian cancer
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100698564	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100694444	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100704495	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
prkaa1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
pdk1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100691710	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
mtor	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100692096	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:Cysts|Epilepsy|Tuberous Sclerosis
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:Malformations of Cortical Development
LOC100704495	GAD_DISEASE:Malformations of Cortical Development
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:gangliogliomas
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:tuberous sclerosis
LOC100704495	GAD_DISEASE:tuberous sclerosis
tsc2	GAD_DISEASE:tuberous sclerosis phenotypes
tub	GAD_DISEASE:body mass obesity
comt	GAD_DISEASE:body mass obesity
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:body mass obesity
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:body mass obesity
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass obesity
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:body mass obesity
ugt8	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
aldh4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100695063	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
chst2	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100690729	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
abcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
iqgap2	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
traf3ip1	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
cldn14	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC102078018	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
ptprk	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100693193	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
slc26a5	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100707849	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100703653	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
aox1	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
clcn6	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100698939	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC109195682	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
metap1	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss
LOC100710204	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hyperbilirubinemia, Neonatal
LOC100710001	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hyperbilirubinemia, Neonatal
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hyperbilirubinemia, Neonatal
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hyperbilirubinemia, Neonatal
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hyperbilirubinemia, Neonatal
urb2	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
map2k5	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
LOC100701393	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
LOC109194257	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
LOC102080120	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
fat3	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
dcbld2	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
LOC100706964	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
pcsk5	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
mad2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
tmem196	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone
LOC100696636	GAD_DISEASE:Usher Syndromes
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Usher Syndromes
ush1c	GAD_DISEASE:Usher Syndromes
whrn	GAD_DISEASE:Usher Syndromes
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Usher Syndromes
LOC100696636	GAD_DISEASE:Usher syndrome
ush1c	GAD_DISEASE:Usher syndrome
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:Usher syndrome
myo7a	GAD_DISEASE:Usher syndrome
LOC100696636	GAD_DISEASE:usher syndrome
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:usher syndrome
ush1c	GAD_DISEASE:usher syndrome
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:usher syndrome
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:usher syndrome
clrn1	GAD_DISEASE:usher syndrome
myo7a	GAD_DISEASE:usher syndrome
uso1	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
tcf12	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
LOC100706374	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
dusp6	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
sema3e	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
wdpcp	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
LOC100690703	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
hmcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
kcnj5	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
LOC100696994	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
scn3b	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
rplp1	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
LOC100701786	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
LOC100707988	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation
uso1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
paqr5	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100693785	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
prag1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
vps41	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
ap3b1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
foxb1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100701437	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
zbtb20	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
sec23ip	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100692432	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100698414	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
acp6	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
ano6	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
bfsp1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
lrguk	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
opn3	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
plxna4	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100711396	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
veph1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100695403	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
gpd2	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC109194442	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
med6	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases
vapb	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
prph	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
alad	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
grn	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
mtf1	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC100698882	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
als2	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC100689885	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
dync1h1	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
gss	GAD_DISEASE:ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
vps33b	GAD_DISEASE:Sphingomyelins
LOC100711692	GAD_DISEASE:Sphingomyelins
LOC100697206	GAD_DISEASE:Sphingomyelins
vps37a	GAD_DISEASE:tonometry
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:tonometry
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:tonometry
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:tonometry
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:tonometry
exoc4	GAD_DISEASE:tonometry
LOC100694141	GAD_DISEASE:tonometry
prex1	GAD_DISEASE:tonometry
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:tonometry
tnr	GAD_DISEASE:tonometry
wdr1	GAD_DISEASE:serum urate
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:serum urate
wdr1	GAD_DISEASE:serum uric acid
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:serum uric acid
LOC100705672	GAD_DISEASE:serum uric acid
LOC100708645	GAD_DISEASE:serum uric acid
pdzk1	GAD_DISEASE:serum uric acid
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:serum uric acid
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:serum uric acid
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephrotic Syndrome
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephrotic Syndrome
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephrotic Syndrome
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephrotic Syndrome
coq2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephrotic Syndrome
pdss2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100705859	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100706244	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Denys-Drash syndrome
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Diseases|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Nephrotic Syndrome
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Diseases|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100706244	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Diseases|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Wilms Tumor
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Wilms Tumor
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
xiap	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
ulk3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
ulk3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Neovascularization, Pathologic
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
LOC100692645	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
kmt2a	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic
LOC100692645	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:WAGR syndrome
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:WilmQs tumor
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:Wilms tumor
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:abnormal urogenital development
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:diffuse mesangial sclerosis
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:glomerulosclerosis, focal
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:glomerulosclerosis, focal
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
ara	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
LOC100698613	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
LOC100697602	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
fkbp4	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
LOC100693400	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
fgf10	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
LOC100534462	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
LOC100693580	GAD_DISEASE:hypospadias
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:nephrotic syndrome
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:nephrotic syndrome
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:nephrotic syndrome
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:nephrotic syndrome
LOC100706244	GAD_DISEASE:nephrotic syndrome
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:nephrotic syndrome
LOC100694473	GAD_DISEASE:wilmsQ tumor and congenital male genitourinary malformation
wnt4	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Neoplasms
skap1	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Neoplasms
babam1	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Neoplasms
tiparp	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Neoplasms
LOC100700482	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Neoplasms
hoxd3	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Neoplasms
LOC100706281	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
LOC100704879	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
wnt9b	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
pdgfc	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
bcl3	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
wnt11	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
LOC100707450	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
wnt3a	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
LOC100695663	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|
LOC100706281	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot|
LOC100694792	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot|
LOC100706281	GAD_DISEASE:Oocytes
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:Oocytes
spty2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Oocytes
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:Oocytes
itih5	GAD_DISEASE:Oocytes
LOC100704879	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Dental Enamel Hypoplasia|Enamel, Hypoplastic
wnt9b	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Dental Enamel Hypoplasia|Enamel, Hypoplastic
wnt11	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Dental Enamel Hypoplasia|Enamel, Hypoplastic
LOC100707095	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Dental Enamel Hypoplasia|Enamel, Hypoplastic
LOC100695663	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Dental Enamel Hypoplasia|Enamel, Hypoplastic
xiap	GAD_DISEASE:Common Variable Immunodeficiency|Lymphoproliferative Disorders
xiap	GAD_DISEASE:Cryopyrin-associated Periodic Syndromes|Familial Mediterranean Fever|Mevalonate Kinase Deficiency
xpnpep1	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Atresia
ubl3	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Atresia
LOC100709980	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Atresia
xpnpep2	GAD_DISEASE:Angioedema
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Angioedema
xpnpep2	GAD_DISEASE:angioedema
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100695554	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
lrig2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
rad54b	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
eme1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
pomt1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
dclre1c	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
gen1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
lrig3	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
phldb1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
mus81	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
sem1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
chaf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
LOC100709275	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
palb2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
LOC100702352	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Endometriosis
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|colorectal cancer
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:benzene toxicity
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2; leukemia; breast cancer; glucose; cytogenetic studies; birth weight;
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2; leukemia; breast cancer; glucose; cytogenetic studies; birth weight;
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2; leukemia; breast cancer; glucose; cytogenetic studies; birth weight;
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2; leukemia; breast cancer; glucose; cytogenetic studies; birth weight;
cdk7	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2; leukemia; breast cancer; glucose; cytogenetic studies; birth weight;
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
atm	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
LOC100712021	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cancer
LOC100705560	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Infertility, Male
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Infertility, Male
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Infertility, Male
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Infertility, Male
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Infertility, Male
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Chronic-Phase
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Chronic-Phase
LOC100703384	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Chronic-Phase
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Chronic-Phase
ercc8	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Chronic-Phase
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Chronic-Phase
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Chronic-Phase
ccdc170	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Chronic-Phase
rpa3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Chronic-Phase
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Neutropenia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Neutropenia
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutropenia
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Neutropenia
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Neutropenia
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Neutropenia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Neutropenia
LOC100695554	GAD_DISEASE:Neutropenia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Neutropenia
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:Pterygium
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Pterygium
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:Pterygium
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Pterygium
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Pterygium
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Pterygium
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Pterygium
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:cisplatin-resistant human ovarian cancer
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:mild phenotype Xeroderma pigmentosum
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:reduced lung cancer risk and a modulating effect on nucleotide excision repair capacity
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
comt	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
mif	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
kras	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
ace	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
grb14	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
p53	GAD_DISEASE:smoking
xpa	GAD_DISEASE:upper aerodigestive tract cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:upper aerodigestive tract cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:upper aerodigestive tract cancer
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:upper aerodigestive tract cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:upper aerodigestive tract cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:upper aerodigestive tract cancer
ythdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
phex	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
myb	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
b3gat2	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
gpm6b	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
kcnk6	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
selenoi	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
pde5a	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:1-Alkyl-2-acetylglycerophosphocholine Esterase
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:1-Alkyl-2-acetylglycerophosphocholine Esterase
herpud1	GAD_DISEASE:1-Alkyl-2-acetylglycerophosphocholine Esterase
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:1-Alkyl-2-acetylglycerophosphocholine Esterase
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:1-Alkyl-2-acetylglycerophosphocholine Esterase
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
acat1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
tbl2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
angptl3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
baz1b	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia
zpr1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin E
slc6a1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin E
p3h3	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin E
pdhx	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin E
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin E
zic3	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
cntln	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
LOC100709278	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
tll1	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
LOC100708645	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
pdzk1	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
prkg2	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
tab3	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
LOC100706889	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
sf1	GAD_DISEASE:Gout
zic3	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
aldh1a2	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100700844	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100694841	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100690586	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
zic1	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100707636	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100695684	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
zic2	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100705715	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
mut	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
pax3	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
pcmt1	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100690880	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
LOC100691229	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects
zic3	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
mindy3	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
LOC102079742	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
ankrd6	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
etnk1	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
psat1	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
psmd1	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
LOC100709511	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
vta1	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
dthd1	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
gpd2	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
myo10	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Factor
abhd17c	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100696545	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
aga	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100690422	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100704949	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
parp3	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
rrp9	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100709278	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
tlnrd1	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
adamts13	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100705935	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100696655	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
arhgap24	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
cacfd1	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100690728	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
tpbg	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
adamtsl2	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
fign	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
fnbp1l	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
mrps27	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100690653	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
vit	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100704168	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100695450	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
cyfip1	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100700789	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
rnf182	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
LOC100705558	GAD_DISEASE:E-Selectin
abhd17c	GAD_DISEASE:Life Expectancy
lg7h5orf30	GAD_DISEASE:Life Expectancy
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Life Expectancy
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Life Expectancy
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:Life Expectancy
LOC100710649	GAD_DISEASE:Life Expectancy
zbtb20	GAD_DISEASE:Life Expectancy
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Life Expectancy
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Life Expectancy
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Life Expectancy
acaa1	GAD_DISEASE:high altitude performance
acaa1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
LOC100703873	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
ache	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic
acp5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteonecrosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:Osteonecrosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:Osteonecrosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Osteonecrosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteonecrosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Osteonecrosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Osteonecrosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:Osteonecrosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteonecrosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
acp5	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (severity)
met	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (severity)
LOC100704869	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (severity)
lekr1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (severity)
jarid2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (severity)
asic1	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins
asic2	GAD_DISEASE:F8 protein, human
stab2	GAD_DISEASE:F8 protein, human
lbh	GAD_DISEASE:F8 protein, human
LOC100534413	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Myocardial Infarction
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534413	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease risk
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease risk
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease risk
agt	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease risk
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease risk
arpc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone Sulfate
agk	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone Sulfate
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone Sulfate
LOC100689712	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone Sulfate
srp14	GAD_DISEASE:Dehydroepiandrosterone Sulfate
arpc1a	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
LOC100699771	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
LOC100704394	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
dck	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
LOC100694900	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
slc28a1	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
atm	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
polb	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
recql	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
nr5a2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
nin	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
palld	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic cancer
LOC100706109	GAD_DISEASE:Lithium response
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:Lithium response
atf7ip2	GAD_DISEASE:Risperidone
pbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Risperidone
LOC100701437	GAD_DISEASE:Risperidone
LOC100690952	GAD_DISEASE:Risperidone
LOC106098181	GAD_DISEASE:Risperidone
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Risperidone
atf7ip2	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
prkar2b	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
shisa9	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
LOC100701437	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
LOC100690952	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
LOC102083004	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
fign	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic treatment
acads	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
sel1l	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
adcy5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
dusp12	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
kif11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
acads	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
ppid	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
LOC100693154	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
LOC100694510	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
chst2	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
mast4	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
LOC100696891	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
trim44	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
LOC100690924	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
st8sia1	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
fdft1	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
ostf1	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
LOC100698696	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
LOC100705157	GAD_DISEASE:Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
acads	GAD_DISEASE:acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (SCAD) deficiency
acads	GAD_DISEASE:medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
acads	GAD_DISEASE:metabolite profiles
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:metabolite profiles
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:metabolite profiles
LOC100709803	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
steap4	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
acsl4	GAD_DISEASE:depression | metabolic syndrome
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:depression | metabolic syndrome
acsl4	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; alcohol abuse; depressive disorder, major; dermal erythema; schizoaffective disorder
appl1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
LOC100690541	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
appl1	GAD_DISEASE:anthropometric measurements body mass cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL fatty acid glycerol insulin triglycerides
ap5b1	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
kif3a	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
epo	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic
LOC100699311	GAD_DISEASE:Endolymphatic Hydrops|Meniere Disease
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Endolymphatic Hydrops|Meniere Disease
add2	GAD_DISEASE:Endolymphatic Hydrops|Meniere Disease
LOC100699311	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness
add1	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness
add2	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness
ace	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness
agt	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Drug Hypersensitivity|
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Drug Hypersensitivity|
adora2b	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Drug Hypersensitivity|
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:BMI    rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:BMI    rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Epilepsy, Post-Traumatic|Seizures
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies|Myocardial Infarction|Myocardial ischemia
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
ahcy	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
LOC100704394	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
LOC100710729	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
slc29a4	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
slc28a1	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
LOC100709975	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
LOC100693789	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
LOC100693415	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
slc29a3	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Sleep Disorders|Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:Panic disorder
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder
p2rx4	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder
ache	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder
LOC100698466	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety response
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety response
adad1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|Colitis, Ulcerative|
LOC100692415	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder 
LOC100707057	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder 
LOC100706250	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder 
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder 
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder 
LOC100706516	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder 
dsel	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder 
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder 
LOC100703259	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder 
sp4	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder 
ahcy	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
enosf1	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|
ahcy	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
enosf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia
ahcy	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
il10	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
habp2	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
plat	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
proc	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Partial
znf385d	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Partial
sh3bgrl2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Partial
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Partial
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Partial
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Partial|Syndrome
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Partial|Syndrome
LOC100711736	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Partial|Syndrome
sh3bgrl2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Partial|Syndrome
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
c6	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
ace	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
abi3bp	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder
LOC100710254	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100708712	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
il10	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
lin7c	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
nr1d1	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
tspo	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
ace	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100708704	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100692400	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorders
LOC100698301	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
LOC100690686	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
LOC100704610	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
LOC100693406	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
cmtm7	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
LOC100701166	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
cacna2d1	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
chordc1	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
LOC100712125	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
gdap2	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
ifrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
olig3	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
kdm1a	GAD_DISEASE:Mortality
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100711262	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
prkag1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100707970	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
acat1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100702823	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
adora2b	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
ace	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100699097	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
crh	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
ins	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
prkaa1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
prkab1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
rara	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100705846	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
tbl2	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
aven	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100706552	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
gys2	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
angpt1	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
cpt2	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
pik3cd	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100702997	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
prkaa2	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100697765	GAD_DISEASE:BMI- Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Cellulitis|Obesity
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cellulitis|Obesity
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Cellulitis|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Cellulitis|Obesity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cellulitis|Obesity
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Cellulitis|Obesity
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Cellulitis|Obesity
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cellulitis|Obesity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cellulitis|Obesity
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cellulitis|Obesity
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Liver Diseases
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Liver Diseases
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Insulin Resistance
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Insulin Resistance
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
LOC100694510	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:adiponectin cholesterol, VLDL glucose triglycerides
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:adiponectin cholesterol, VLDL glucose triglycerides
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial diabetes, type 2 insulin
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass insulin
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass insulin
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass insulin
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:body mass insulin
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass metabolic rate
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass metabolic rate
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 glucose tolerance insulin
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 glucose tolerance insulin
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 glucose tolerance insulin
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
LOC100534452	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
inpp1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
slc2a10	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
mok	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
LOC100694830	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin
adipor1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin triglycerides
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin triglycerides
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:Gastroparesis
adra1d	GAD_DISEASE:Gastroparesis
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Gastroparesis
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Gastroparesis
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Gastroparesis
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100701746	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
shh	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
ascl1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
hcrtr2	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial heart rate left ventricular mass
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial heart rate left ventricular mass
adra1b	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure; heart rate
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure; heart rate
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure; heart rate
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure; heart rate
adra1d	GAD_DISEASE:interstitial cystitis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:interstitial cystitis
adra1d	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular fractional shortening
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular fractional shortening
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
comt	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
lin7c	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100700683	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100703257	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100711592	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
itga1	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC102078638	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
tcerg1l	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
fgf10	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
ntf3	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Adiposity and Abdominal Obesity
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Adiposity and Abdominal Obesity
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Adiposity and Abdominal Obesity
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Irritable Bowel Syndrome
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Transporter Type 2
adcy5	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Transporter Type 2
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Transporter Type 2
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Transporter Type 2
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Transporter Type 2
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Transporter Type 2
LOC100534484	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Transporter Type 2
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
LOC100698256	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
habp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Disorders
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Irritable Bowel Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Irritable Bowel Syndrome
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Irritable Bowel Syndrome
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Irritable Bowel Syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Irritable Bowel Syndrome
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Irritable Bowel Syndrome
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Irritable Bowel Syndrome
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis
tbx20	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Low Tension Glaucoma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Low Tension Glaucoma
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Low Tension Glaucoma
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Low Tension Glaucoma
elovl5	GAD_DISEASE:Low Tension Glaucoma
srbd1	GAD_DISEASE:Low Tension Glaucoma
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Low Tension Glaucoma
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; schizophrenia; tardive dyskinesia
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
htt	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
tdo2	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
slitrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence smoking behavior
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:aortic compliance blood pressure, arterial cardiac output heart rate hypertension left ventricular mass systemic vascular resistance
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:aortic compliance blood pressure, arterial cardiac output heart rate hypertension left ventricular mass systemic vascular resistance
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100696673	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
ara	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100534562	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
tdo2	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
crh	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
ins	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
mme	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
penk	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder conduct disorder oppositional defiant disorder
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; reading disability
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:autonomic nervous system function
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:autonomic nervous system function
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:autonomic nervous system function
ace	GAD_DISEASE:autonomic nervous system function
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:autonomic nervous system function
agt	GAD_DISEASE:autonomic nervous system function
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:autonomic nervous system function
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
LOC100705046	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
itgb6	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
plcd3	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
znf652	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
add1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
ace	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
agt	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
fgf5	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
itgav	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial heart rate norepinephrine
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100691312	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
ara	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
foxo4	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100699299	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100708685	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
npy	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:body mass
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; insulin; lipids; obesity; glucose; blood pressure; cortisol, salivary; leptin; leptin; testosterone
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:cortisol escape from dexamethasone and elevated glucose levels
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:dyspepsia
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:dyspepsia
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:dyspepsia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:dyspepsia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:dyspepsia
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:dyspepsia
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:endurance
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:endurance
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal disorders
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal disorders
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal disorders
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:hyperuicemia
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:hyperuicemia
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic orthostatic intolerance
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic orthostatic intolerance
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic orthostatic intolerance
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic orthostatic intolerance
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:irritability hostility impulsivity and memory
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular ejection fraction troponin, cardiac
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular ejection fraction troponin, cardiac
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular ejection fraction troponin, cardiac
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:motion sickness
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:platelet function
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:platelet function
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:suicide; depression
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:suicide; depression
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:temperament
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:temperament
egf	GAD_DISEASE:temperament
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:temperament
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:temperament
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:temperament
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand factor levels
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand factor levels
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
comt	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
hrh1	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain
adra2a	GAD_DISEASE:weight loss
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:weight loss
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:weight loss
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:weight loss
acsl5	GAD_DISEASE:weight loss
ace	GAD_DISEASE:weight loss
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:weight loss
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:weight loss
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:weight loss
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Acanthosis Nigricans|Obesity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness
egln1	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Pulmonary Edema
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Pulmonary Edema
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Pulmonary Edema
egln1	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Pulmonary Edema
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Apoplexy|Sickle cell anemia|Stroke
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Stroke
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
serpini1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
angpt1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Hypertension
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma severity
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma severity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma smokers
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. BHR. total IgE. airway obstruction. FEV1 & FVC increased
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. atopy
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. atopy
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. total IgE
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. total IgE. SPT
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. total IgE. SPT
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100695816	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
ero1b	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100690604	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
hlx	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
snw1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100694889	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
opn3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
tbxa2r	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100691382	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Disease Progression
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Eosinophilia
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Pneumonia
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Pneumonia
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects|Respiratory Hypersensitivity|Respiratory Sounds
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects|Respiratory Sounds
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Respiratory Hypersensitivity|Respiratory Sounds
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Respiratory Sounds
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Respiratory Sounds
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Respiratory Sounds
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Tremor
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Atopic asthma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Atopic asthma
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Atopic asthma
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Atopic asthma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Atopic asthma
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:Atopic asthma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Atopic asthma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Atopy. BHR
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Hypertension
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Hypertension
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Hypertension
LOC100690703	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Hypertension
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Hypertension
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:BHR
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:BHR
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Beta-agonist dependence
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
hsd11b2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
crh	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
adcy5	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
lekr1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial Hyperreactivity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Cough|Coughing|Hypersensitivity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Wounds and Injuries
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Wounds and Injuries
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Wounds and Injuries
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial asthma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchodilator
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiac Output, Low|Disease Progression
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
LOC100707499	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
csrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100705503	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
tcap	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100707241	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
abcc9	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100696318	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
pln	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy|Ventricular Remodeling
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Ischemia
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Kidney Insufficiency|Hypertension, Renal|Nephrosclerosis|Renal hypertension|Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Tachycardia, Ventricular|Ventricular Fibrillation
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Tachycardia, Ventricular|Ventricular Fibrillation
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC102076799	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
hnrnpul1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hypertension
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hypertension
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hypertension
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hypertension
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hypertension
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hypertension
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hypertension
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Myocardial Ischemia
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension|Obesity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis
cdh8	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis
rassf6	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis
slc8a3	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Cystitis, Interstitial|Interstitial Cystitis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Decreased airway responsiveness
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Desensitization
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Metabolism Disorders
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Fatty Liver|Hypertension|Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:FEV1
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia|Syndrome
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia|Syndrome
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma
lrp12	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma
LOC100700524	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Hydrophthalmos
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Hydrophthalmos
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|Graves Ophthalmopathy
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|Graves Ophthalmopathy|GravesQ Disease|Thyroid associated opthalmopathies
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|Graves Ophthalmopathy|GravesQ Disease|Thyroid associated opthalmopathies
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|Graves Ophthalmopathy|GravesQ Disease|Thyroid associated opthalmopathies
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease|Hypokalemic periodic paralysis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-Associated Lipodystrophy Syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-Associated Lipodystrophy Syndrome
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Insulin Resistance
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Myocardial Infarction
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Myocardial Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Myocardial ischemia
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Myocardial ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Myocardial ischemia
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left|Ventricular Remodeling
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left|Ventricular Remodeling
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:High total IgE
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:High total IgE. asthma. atopy
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperinsulinism|Hypertriglyceridemia|Obesity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity|Nasal Polyps
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity|Occupational Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity|Occupational Diseases
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Portal|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
kcnma1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
cast	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
LOC100702181	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
LOC100692475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity|Weight Gain
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Overweight|Weight Gain|Weight Loss
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Hypotension
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hypotension
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypotension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypotension
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female|Insulin Resistance|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Diseases
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Diseases
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Nocturnal asthma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Obstetric Labor, Premature
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Obstetric Labor, Premature|Resp distress syndrome neonatal|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Newborn|Tachycardia
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:PEF
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Radius Fractures|Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Radius Fractures|Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Radius Fractures|Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Radius Fractures|Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Radius Fractures|Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Radius Fractures|Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy
tac1	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Radius Fractures|Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Parasitic infection
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Placenta Diseases
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Placenta Diseases
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Placenta Diseases
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Placenta Diseases
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Placenta Diseases
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mtap	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
prmt3	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100692331	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100699245	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100708917	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ddr1	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hpse	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100691516	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
arid5b	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC106098181	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
maip1	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mme	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
daxx	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC102078936	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Sounds
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Response to beta2-agonist therapy
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Salmeterol with or without Fluticasone Propionate
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Septic Shock|Shock, Septic
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Septic Shock|Shock, Septic
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Steroid-dependent asthma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Steroid-requiring asthma in sedentary women
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Stress
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal|Vasovagal syncope
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal|Vasovagal syncope
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal|Vasovagal syncope
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal|Vasovagal syncope
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal|Vasovagal syncope
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal|Vasovagal syncope
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal|Vasovagal syncope
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Tachycardia, Ventricular
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Tachycardia, Ventricular
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Tachycardia, Ventricular
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Temporomandibular Joint Disorders
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Temporomandibular Joint Disorders
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Urticaria
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Urticaria
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Urticaria
LOC100691382	GAD_DISEASE:Urticaria
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:Wheeze
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome
f3	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis asthma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; lipids; memory impairment
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; lipids; memory impairment
ace	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; lipids; memory impairment
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; lipids; memory impairment
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cardiovascular disease diabetes, type 2 hypercholesterolemia hypertension hypertriglyceridemia obesity stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cardiovascular disease diabetes, type 2 hypercholesterolemia hypertension hypertriglyceridemia obesity stroke
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cardiovascular disease diabetes, type 2 hypercholesterolemia hypertension hypertriglyceridemia obesity stroke
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; heart rate; adrenaline; coronary flow velocity; ECG; noradrenaline
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; heart rate; adrenaline; coronary flow velocity; ECG; noradrenaline
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; heart rate; adrenaline; coronary flow velocity; ECG; noradrenaline
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:body mass energy metabolism
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:body mass energy metabolism
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; insulin; obesity; glucose
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; insulin; obesity; glucose
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; insulin; obesity; glucose
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; obesity, localized
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; obesity, localized
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death
add1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy; heart failure
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy; heart failure
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
lg12h9orf3	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
agt	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC100698256	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
add1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
plat	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
p53	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:childhood asthma
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
npc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707636	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
ldlrap1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:decline in lung function
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin obesity
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin obesity
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin obesity
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:elite runners
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:elite runners
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:elite runners
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:elite runners
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:elite runners
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:elite runners
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:elite runners
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:endurance performance
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:endurance performance
ace	GAD_DISEASE:endurance performance
LOC100701380	GAD_DISEASE:endurance performance
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:endurance performance
mstn	GAD_DISEASE:endurance performance
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:endurance performance
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:endurance performance
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:endurance performance
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:endurance performance
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:epinephrine lung function norepinephrine
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:flow-mediated dilatation of the brachial artery
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
il10	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
ace	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
agt	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
mtpn	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
shtn1	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate
LOC100692075	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate, resting
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate, resting
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate; left ventricular funtion
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate; left ventricular funtion
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:high-altitude tolerance
ace	GAD_DISEASE:high-altitude tolerance
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:high-altitude tolerance
agt	GAD_DISEASE:high-altitude tolerance
LOC100692262	GAD_DISEASE:high-altitude tolerance
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:human intelligence
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:human intelligence
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced
ace	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced
agt	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced
f5	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:hypertriglyceridemia and the development of fatty liver
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:increased body weight and dyslipoproteinaemia involving triglyceride-rich lipoproteins
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; lipoproteins
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; lipoproteins
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; lipoproteins
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular remodeling
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular remodeling
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular remodeling
ace	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular remodeling
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular remodeling
agt	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular remodeling
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular remodeling
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular remodeling
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:limb deficiency anomalies
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:limb deficiency anomalies
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:limb deficiency anomalies
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:limb deficiency anomalies
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:limb deficiency anomalies
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:limb deficiency anomalies
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:mortality in  trauma patients
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:mortality in  trauma patients
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:muscle testing
ace	GAD_DISEASE:muscle testing
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:muscle testing
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:muscle testing
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:muscle testing
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:muscle testing
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:muscle testing
mstn	GAD_DISEASE:muscle testing
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:muscle testing
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|hypertension
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|hypertension
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|hypertension
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|hypertension
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Disseminated Bronchiectasis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:persistent bronchial hyperresponsiveness
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:postural tachycardia syndrome
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
hspa4	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
il10	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
add1	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
slc23a1	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
LOC100702287	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:regional fat distribution
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory airway resistance
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
add1	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders; body mass; blood pressure, arterial
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:stroke; sickle cell anemia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:stroke; sickle cell anemia
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:stroke; sickle cell anemia
LOC100706475	GAD_DISEASE:subcutaneous fat accumulation
adm	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis
adm	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Metabolism Disorders
adm	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
LOC100709859	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
nr4a3	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
nr2e1	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
usp46	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|bipolar disorder
adm	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial urinary sodium
adm	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100692652	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy in other diseases
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy in other diseases
ins	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy in other diseases
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100706927	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy in other diseases
adm	GAD_DISEASE:response to paroxetine
LOC100691312	GAD_DISEASE:body mass leptin obesity, localized
npy	GAD_DISEASE:body mass leptin obesity, localized
LOC100691312	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; glucose
LOC100691312	GAD_DISEASE:energy intake
LOC100691312	GAD_DISEASE:physical activity
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:physical activity
npy	GAD_DISEASE:physical activity
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:physical activity
asip	GAD_DISEASE:Burning and freckling
asip	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Melanoma|Neoplasm Metastasis|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100711224	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Melanoma|Neoplasm Metastasis|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Melanoma|Neoplasm Metastasis|Skin Neoplasms
asip	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
asip	GAD_DISEASE:freckles
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:freckles
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:freckles
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:freckles
asip	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma; pigmentation
asip	GAD_DISEASE:pigmentation
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:pigmentation
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:pigmentation
asip	GAD_DISEASE:red vs non-red hair color
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:red vs non-red hair color
asip	GAD_DISEASE:skin color
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:skin color
asip	GAD_DISEASE:skin sensitivity to sun
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:skin sensitivity to sun
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:skin sensitivity to sun
LOC100696673	GAD_DISEASE:SARS
LOC100696673	GAD_DISEASE:coeliac disease.
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol-Induced Disorders|Esophageal Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Oropharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
igfbp7	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
limd1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetes mellitus
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
npy	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary blood pressure, arterial cholesterol, HDL
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:drug dependence
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:drug dependence
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:multiple system atrophy
uchl1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple system atrophy
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple system atrophy
LOC100706008	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; blood pressure, arterial; antioxidant activity
aldh1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Tetralogy of Fallot
aldh1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Vitamin A Deficiency
LOC100695684	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Vitamin A Deficiency
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Vitamin A Deficiency
LOC100690880	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Vitamin A Deficiency
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
LOC100704523	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, T-Cell
mthfs	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, T-Cell
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, T-Cell
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, T-Cell
fpgs	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, T-Cell
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, T-Cell
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, T-Cell
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, T-Cell
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, T-Cell
acer2	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
gldn	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
sfrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
rfc3	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
rnf141	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
LOC100693789	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
ano6	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
lg16h2orf69	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
ccdc3	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
maip1	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
msrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
trib2	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins C
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:Hypophosphatasia
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:arthropathy, peripheral
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:arthropathy, peripheral
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:chondrocalcinosis
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:chondrocalcinosis
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:chondrocalcinosis
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:folate pathway vitamin levels
prickle2	GAD_DISEASE:folate pathway vitamin levels
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:folate pathway vitamin levels
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:hypophosphatasia
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:infantile hypophosphatasia
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:liver enzymes
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:liver enzymes
cpn1	GAD_DISEASE:liver enzymes
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:liver enzymes
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:liver enzymes
reep3	GAD_DISEASE:liver enzymes
LOC100692599	GAD_DISEASE:liver enzymes
LOC100697268	GAD_DISEASE:liver enzymes
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:liver enzymes
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:liver enzymes
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal
LOC100689934	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
adamts13	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
cpn1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
lg12h12orf43	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
reep3	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
LOC100692599	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
LOC100697268	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
LOC100704397	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of liver enzymes
gaa	GAD_DISEASE:Glycogen Storage Disease Type II
gaa	GAD_DISEASE:Glycogen Storage Disease Type II|Heart Diseases
gaa	GAD_DISEASE:Glycogen storage disease type II
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Glycogen storage disease type II
gaa	GAD_DISEASE:delayed onset of glycogenosis type II.
gaa	GAD_DISEASE:glycogen storage disease
slc3a1	GAD_DISEASE:glycogen storage disease
slc37a4	GAD_DISEASE:glycogen storage disease
agl	GAD_DISEASE:glycogen storage disease
gaa	GAD_DISEASE:late-onset glycogen storage disease type II
LOC100697933	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100692519	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100700713	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100697557	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100695866	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
cask	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
fabp7	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
tspan7	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
dlgap2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100698043	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
LOC100693228	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
nlgn1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | autism
ara	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD and conduct disorder
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
fbln1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
pappa	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
inha	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility, Female
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Acne Vulgaris
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Acne Vulgaris|
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Acne Vulgaris|Hirsutism|Hyperandrogenism|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
casp2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Prostatic Neoplasms
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Prostatic Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital|Congenital adrenal hyperplasia|Virilism
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital|Congenital adrenal hyperplasia|Virilism
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia|
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Androgen-Insensitivity Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Androgen-Insensitivity Syndrome|Virilism
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris, Variant
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris, Variant
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris, Variant
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris, Variant
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Body Weight
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Oligospermia|Sertoli Cell-Only Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Pre-Eclampsia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Bladder Neoplasm|Esophageal Neoplasms|Leiomyoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Oesophageal neoplasm|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms|Uterine Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Cancer, male
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast|Fibroadenoma|Hyperplasia|Invasive Ductal Breast Carcinoma|Mammary Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Prostatic Hyperplasia
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Prostatic Hyperplasia
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Prostatic Hyperplasia
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Prostatic Hyperplasia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Hepatitis C|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Hepatitis C|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Hepatitis C|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Renal Cell Carcinoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Renal Cell Carcinoma
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Renal Cell Carcinoma
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Klinefelter Syndrome|KlinefelterQs Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Infertility, Male
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100698715	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Cryptorchidism
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Cryptorchidism|Hypospadias
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:Cryptorchidism|Hypospadias
atf3	GAD_DISEASE:Cryptorchidism|Hypospadias
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Cryptorchidism|Hypospadias
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Cryptorchidism|Klinefelter Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Insulin Resistance
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
enosf1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
pik3c2a	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
pot1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
star	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100691196	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
terf1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
sfpq	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Hormone-Dependent
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Infertility, Female|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Leiomyoma|Uterine Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Gonadal Dysgenesis, 46
ara	GAD_DISEASE:XY
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Gynecomastia|Klinefelter Syndrome|KlinefelterQs Syndrome|Oligospermia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Neoplasm Metastasis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperandrogenism|Ovarian Diseases
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Hypogonadism
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
wfikkn1	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
spata17	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
polg	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
LOC100694510	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
ccna1	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
nr5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
ube2b	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
LOC102080370	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
izumo1	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
nxph2	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
LOC102083227	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
LOC100712111	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
ybx2	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
dazl	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Neoplasms, Testis|Prostatic Neoplasms|Testicular Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
dazl	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male|Oligospermia|Sex Chromosome Aberrations
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:KennedyQs disease
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphopenia|SCID|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphopenia|SCID|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
rag1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphopenia|SCID|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
rag2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphopenia|SCID|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
dclre1c	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphopenia|SCID|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphopenia|SCID|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
LOC100696736	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphopenia|SCID|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphopenia|SCID|Severe Combined Immunodeficiency
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Machado-Joseph Disease|Myoclonic Epilepsies, Progressive|Myotonic Dystrophy|Oligospermia|Spinocerebellar Ataxias
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Disorders, Atrophic
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Testis|Seminoma|Testicular Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Testis|Testicular Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Oligospermia
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Oligospermia
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Oligospermia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature|POF - Premature ovarian failure
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature|POF - Premature ovarian failure
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature|POF - Premature ovarian failure
foxl2	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature|POF - Premature ovarian failure
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Failure, Premature|POF - Premature ovarian failure
ara	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
fem1b	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
gdf9	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
h6pd	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ins	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100694010	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
agt	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100709916	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100705058	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
sgta	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
amh	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100708030	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100699443	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
prkaa2	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100697765	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Phenotypic heterogeneity
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
LOC100696615	GAD_DISEASE:Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Ureteral Neoplasms
ara	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Loss
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Loss
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Loss
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Loss
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Loss
ara	GAD_DISEASE:aging
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:aging
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:aging
il10	GAD_DISEASE:aging
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:aging
akap10	GAD_DISEASE:aging
ace	GAD_DISEASE:aging
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:aging
kl	GAD_DISEASE:aging
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:aging
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:aging
agt	GAD_DISEASE:aging
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:aging
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:aging
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:aging
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:aging
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:aging
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:aging
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:aging
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:aging
ara	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
comt	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100696615	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
mif	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
slc6a5	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100693476	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
ttc12	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100694214	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100534513	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
npy	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
slc6a9	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol
ara	GAD_DISEASE:androgen insensitivity syndrome
ara	GAD_DISEASE:androgen levels
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:androgen levels
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:androgen levels
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:androgen levels
ara	GAD_DISEASE:androgen-independent prostate cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial behavioural traits
LOC100696266	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial behavioural traits
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial behavioural traits
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial behavioural traits
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial behavioural traits
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial behavioural traits
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial behavioural traits
ara	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia oligospermia
polg	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia oligospermia
fkbp6	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia oligospermia
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia oligospermia
dazl	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia oligospermia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:benign prostatic hyperplasia
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:benign prostatic hyperplasia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; osteoporosis
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; osteoporosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; osteoporosis
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; osteoporosis
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; osteoporosis
ara	GAD_DISEASE:bone mass; osteoporotic fractures
ara	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; ovarian cancer
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; ovarian cancer
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; ovarian cancer
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; ovarian cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; ovarian cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; ovarian cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; ovarian cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; ovarian cancer
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; ovarian cancer
atr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; ovarian cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
ghrh	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100699319	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100710302	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100694010	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100705058	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100709771	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
cga	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
inha	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100708122	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|prostate cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:breast/ovarian cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:breast/ovarian cancer phenotype
ara	GAD_DISEASE:clinical parameters and endocrine status in elderly men
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:clinical parameters and endocrine status in elderly men
ara	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function in older men
ara	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer; rectal cancer
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer; rectal cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:complete androgen insensitivity
ara	GAD_DISEASE:complete androgen insensitivity syndrome and Sertoli cell adenoma
ara	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
comt	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
kras	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
galt	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis
ara	GAD_DISEASE:gonadal steroids and lipid levels
ara	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary and sporadic prostate cancer risk.
ara	GAD_DISEASE:impaired sperm production
ara	GAD_DISEASE:infertility
ace	GAD_DISEASE:infertility
ara	GAD_DISEASE:isolated cryptorchidism
ara	GAD_DISEASE:isolated penile hypospadias
ara	GAD_DISEASE:longer androgen receptor CAG repeats
ara	GAD_DISEASE:male pattern baldness
ara	GAD_DISEASE:male-pattern baldness
LOC100706214	GAD_DISEASE:male-pattern baldness
ara	GAD_DISEASE:male-to-female transsexualism
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:male-to-female transsexualism
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:male-to-female transsexualism
ara	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density
comt	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density
ara	GAD_DISEASE:memory impairment
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:memory impairment
kl	GAD_DISEASE:memory impairment
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:memory impairment
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:memory impairment
ara	GAD_DISEASE:memory performance
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:memory performance
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:memory performance
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:memory performance
ara	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic traits
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic traits
LOC100705818	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic traits
ara	GAD_DISEASE:micropenis
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:micropenis
nr5a1	GAD_DISEASE:micropenis
ara	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
ace	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
efhc1	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
rhag	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
tnfrsf21	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:migraine
ara	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
aspn	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
cilp	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
igfbp7	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
slc26a2	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
LOC100711768	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
col11a1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
kl	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
LOC100695448	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
LOC100703495	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
adamts3	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
tnfaip6	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
bmp5	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
comp	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
lrch1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
LOC100696268	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
wisp1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
col9a3	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
matn1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis
ara	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian hyperandrogenism
ara	GAD_DISEASE:personality
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:personality
comt	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:personality
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:personality
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:personality
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:personality
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:personality
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:personality
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:personality
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:personality
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:personality
th	GAD_DISEASE:personality
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:personality
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:personality
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:personality
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:personality
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:personality
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:personality
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:personality
ara	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
LOC100704059	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
il10	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
sycp3	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
ace	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
f5	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
ache	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
pc	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
p53	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss
ara	GAD_DISEASE:prostate enlargement
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:prostate enlargement
ara	GAD_DISEASE:prostate specific antigen
ara	GAD_DISEASE:prostate volume/histology endocrine patterns
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:prostate volume/histology endocrine patterns
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:prostate volume/histology endocrine patterns
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:prostate volume/histology endocrine patterns
ara	GAD_DISEASE:prostate-specific antigen levels
sh2b2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate-specific antigen levels
ara	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
LOC100692555	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia
ara	GAD_DISEASE:reduced trans-activation impaired sperm production and male infertility
ara	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
mok	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
npy	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic
ara	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic; nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic; nephropathy in other diseases
ara	GAD_DISEASE:semen PSA levels in adolescence.
ara	GAD_DISEASE:stress (tako-tsubo) cardiomyopathy
ara	GAD_DISEASE:testicular cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:testicular cancer
LOC102078408	GAD_DISEASE:testicular cancer
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:testicular cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:testicular cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:testicular cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:testicular cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:testicular cancer
bcl10	GAD_DISEASE:testicular cancer
rela	GAD_DISEASE:testicular cancer
ara	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumour
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumour
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumour
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumour
ara	GAD_DISEASE:urolithiasis
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:urolithiasis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:urolithiasis
ara	GAD_DISEASE:uterine endometrial carcinoma
ara	GAD_DISEASE:violent criminal behavior
aggf1	GAD_DISEASE:Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber Syndrome
LOC100695016	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
dut	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
fgf3	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100706642	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
adgrd1	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100692880	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
col11a1	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100709153	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100697652	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
fzd8	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100706356	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
pi15	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100698525	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100702022	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
tmem38b	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100699396	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
eya4	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
khdrbs2	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
sash1	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
wdpcp	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
sacs	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
chd1l	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
cdan1	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
dysf	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100712257	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:protein quantitative trait loci
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Valve Stenosis|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrix|Hydronephrosis|Kidney Diseases|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrix|Hydronephrosis|Kidney Diseases|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Hypoglycemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Hypoglycemia
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Hypoglycemia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Hypoglycemia
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetic Angiopathies|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetic Angiopathies|Hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetic Angiopathies|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetic Angiopathies|Hypertension
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetic Angiopathies|Hypertension
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Response to Angiotensin II Infusion
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
ctsz	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
slit2	GAD_DISEASE:Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
LOC100697440	GAD_DISEASE:Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:albuminuria
ace	GAD_DISEASE:albuminuria
agt	GAD_DISEASE:albuminuria
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:albuminuria
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis myocardial infarct
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial body mass glucose tolerance lipids
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial kidney function
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure; aldosterone; glomerular filtration rate; renal plasma flow
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure; aldosterone; glomerular filtration rate; renal plasma flow
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
f5	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:congenital anomalies
galt	GAD_DISEASE:congenital anomalies
LOC100692734	GAD_DISEASE:congenital anomalies
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:congenital anomalies; renal disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:congenital anomalies; renal disease
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:cough
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cough
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:cough
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:cysclosporine toxicity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cysclosporine toxicity
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:cysclosporine toxicity
agt	GAD_DISEASE:cysclosporine toxicity
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma; glaucoma, primary open-angle
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma; glaucoma, primary open-angle
ace	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma; glaucoma, primary open-angle
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma; glaucoma, primary open-angle
agt	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma; glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma; glaucoma, primary open-angle
optn	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma; glaucoma, primary open-angle
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma; glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma; glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
tbx1	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
add1	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
LOC100701380	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
LOC100703522	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
zfpm2	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
LOC100711035	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
hoxc4	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
LOC100534464	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; left ventricular hypertrophy
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; left ventricular hypertrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; left ventricular hypertrophy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; left ventricular hypertrophy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; left ventricular structure
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; myocardial infarction
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; myocardial infarction
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; renal dysfunction, posttransplantation
ace	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; renal dysfunction, posttransplantation
agt	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; renal dysfunction, posttransplantation
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:kidney disease
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:kidney disease
add1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:kidney disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:kidney disease
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:kidney disease
nphp4	GAD_DISEASE:kidney disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney disease
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant
il10	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant
ace	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant
agt	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass
ace	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass
rai14	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct stroke
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct stroke
add1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct stroke
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct stroke
agt	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct stroke
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cardiovascular disease
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cardiovascular disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cardiovascular disease
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; heart disease, ischemic; hypertension; left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, congenital obstructive
ace	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, congenital obstructive
agt	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, congenital obstructive
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:posttransplantation erythrocytosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:posttransplantation erythrocytosis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:posttransplantation erythrocytosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:posttransplantation erythrocytosis
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:precocious adrenarche
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:precocious adrenarche
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
ddah1	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
prcp	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
stox1	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100703423	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
inha	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:renal function
ace	GAD_DISEASE:renal function
agt	GAD_DISEASE:renal function
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:sudden cardiac arrest risk
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:sudden cardiac arrest risk
ace	GAD_DISEASE:sudden cardiac arrest risk
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:sudden cardiac arrest risk
agt	GAD_DISEASE:sudden cardiac arrest risk
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:sudden cardiac arrest risk
LOC100702180	GAD_DISEASE:vesicoureteral reflux
ace	GAD_DISEASE:vesicoureteral reflux
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:vesicoureteral reflux
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:vesicoureteral reflux
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|
LOC100691739	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|
LOC100698560	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|
scn3b	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|
LOC100698831	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100708272	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
lrrc7	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100705859	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypotension, Orthostatic
nedd4l	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypotension, Orthostatic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypotension, Orthostatic
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Cerebral
LOC100704059	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Cerebral
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Cerebral
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Cerebral
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Cerebral
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
LOC100704692	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
add1	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
f5	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
tfpi2	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
crnkl1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
atr	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100702460	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
cpt2	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy
ace2	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary fibrosis; sarcoidosis
anxa2	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
ggcx	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
habp2	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
hivep1	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thrombosis
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:annexin A5 antibodies
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cardiac death
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy complications
f5	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy complications
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy complications
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy complications
LOC100710753	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
il10	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
ace	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
agt	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
f5	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
kdsr	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent
atox1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatolenticular Degeneration
LOC100701459	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatolenticular Degeneration
apln	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy|Disease Progression
LOC100690011	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy|Disease Progression
LOC100696148	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100702757	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
selenos	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
txnip	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Leprosy, Multibacillary
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Thrombosis
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:BMI   rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
pkm	GAD_DISEASE:BMI   rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:BMI   rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Stenosis|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|
p2ry2	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy, Multibacillary|Leprosy, Paucibacillary
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy, Multibacillary|Leprosy, Paucibacillary
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy, Multibacillary|Leprosy, Paucibacillary
lacc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy, Multibacillary|Leprosy, Paucibacillary
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:antiphospholipid syndrome
f5	GAD_DISEASE:antiphospholipid syndrome
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:antiphospholipid syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:antiphospholipid syndrome
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:antiphospholipid syndrome
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:arterial thrombosis thromboembolism, venous
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL; lipoprotein
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL; lipoprotein
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL; lipoprotein
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism
ace	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism
agt	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
LOC100691432	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:lipids
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; stroke
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
fabp1	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein; antiphospholipid syndrome
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:reduced gene expression and lower plasma levels of beta2-glycoprotein I
LOC100699343	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
add1	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
agt	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100698217	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
plat	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:stroke
aanat	GAD_DISEASE:delayed sleep phase syndrome
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:delayed sleep phase syndrome
aanat	GAD_DISEASE:melatonin production
aanat	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders
hcrt	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders
aanat	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders; schizophrenia; body mass
naa10	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders; schizophrenia; body mass
aanat	GAD_DISEASE:sleep time variation
as3mt	GAD_DISEASE:Arsenic Poisoning
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Arsenic Poisoning
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Arsenic Poisoning
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Arsenic Poisoning
as3mt	GAD_DISEASE:Arsenic Poisoning|Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Arsenic Poisoning|Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Arsenic Poisoning|Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Arsenic Poisoning|Cardiovascular Diseases
as3mt	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
comt	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
ace	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
LOC100696650	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
agt	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
ephx4	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage
as3mt	GAD_DISEASE:Precancerous Conditions|Skin Neoplasms
as3mt	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Diseases
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Diseases
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Diseases
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Diseases
as3mt	GAD_DISEASE:arsenic 
glrx	GAD_DISEASE:arsenic 
LOC100702211	GAD_DISEASE:arsenic 
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:arsenic 
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:arsenic 
as3mt	GAD_DISEASE:arsenic metabolism
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:arsenic metabolism
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:arsenic metabolism
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:arsenic metabolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:arsenic metabolism
aip	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Pituitary Neoplasms
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Pituitary Neoplasms
aip	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Thyroid Neoplasms
aip	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1
cdkn2d	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1
LOC109194384	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1
men1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1
aip	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1|Pituitary ACTH Hypersecretion|Pituitary Neoplasms
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1|Pituitary ACTH Hypersecretion|Pituitary Neoplasms
LOC109194384	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1|Pituitary ACTH Hypersecretion|Pituitary Neoplasms
men1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1|Pituitary ACTH Hypersecretion|Pituitary Neoplasms
aip	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer colorectal cancer prostate cancer
aip	GAD_DISEASE:macroadenomas
aip	GAD_DISEASE:pituitary cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:pituitary cancer
men1	GAD_DISEASE:pituitary cancer
aip	GAD_DISEASE:primary hyperparathyroidism
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:primary hyperparathyroidism
casr	GAD_DISEASE:primary hyperparathyroidism
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:primary hyperparathyroidism
cdc73	GAD_DISEASE:primary hyperparathyroidism
men1	GAD_DISEASE:primary hyperparathyroidism
aspn	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Osteoarthritis, Knee
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Osteoarthritis, Knee
aspn	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis
cog5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis
adamts5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis
selenos	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis
aspn	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
LOC100699737	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
lpar1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
prkar2b	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
bcap29	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
cog5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
dus4l	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
lrch1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Knee
aspn	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis|Osteochondritis
atxn7	GAD_DISEASE:spinocerebellar ataxia
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:spinocerebellar ataxia
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:spinocerebellar ataxia
LOC100699493	GAD_DISEASE:spinocerebellar ataxia
atxn10	GAD_DISEASE:spinocerebellar ataxia
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:spinocerebellar ataxia
fgf14	GAD_DISEASE:spinocerebellar ataxia
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:spinocerebellar ataxia
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
eme1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colonic Neoplasms|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Prostatic Neoplasms|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Medullary carcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Medullary carcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Medullary carcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Medullary carcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Medullary carcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
pak1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
LOC100712021	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:gastric carcinoma
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:gastric carcinoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:gastric carcinoma
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:gastric carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:gastric carcinoma
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer
LOC100694808	GAD_DISEASE:uterine cancer
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:uterine cancer
atg7	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
atg5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
becn1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
atg3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|Huntington Disease
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung Disease
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung Disease
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung Disease
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung Disease
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung Disease
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung Disease
gemin2	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung Disease
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
hras	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
p53	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenomas
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer head and neck cancer lung cancer
LOC100698792	GAD_DISEASE:hypodontia oligodontia
bnc2	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian cancer
b4galnt1	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases
LOC100694452	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases
ydjc	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases
phf19	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases
treh	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases
LOC100692709	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases
bfar	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Retinal Drusen|Wet Macular Degeneration
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Retinal Drusen|Wet Macular Degeneration
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:Fluorosis, Dental
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Fluorosis, Dental
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria infection
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria infection
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria infection
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:bone density osteocalcin
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:bone density osteocalcin
bglap	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density (BMD) / quantitative ultra sound (QUS)
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
sox2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100701625	GAD_DISEASE:response to citalopram treatment
rora	GAD_DISEASE:response to citalopram treatment
ube3c	GAD_DISEASE:response to citalopram treatment
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
agt	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Low Back Pain
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Low Back Pain
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Low Back Pain
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Akathisia, Drug-Induced|
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Akathisia, Drug-Induced|
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Recurrence
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Recurrence
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Recurrence
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Recurrence
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Recurrence
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Recurrence
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Recurrence
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease
ccdc134	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease
arl5b	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease
gal	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease
nfatc4	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Amnesia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease ParkinsonQs disease
tfam	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease ParkinsonQs disease
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease dementia with Lewy bodies
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; ParkinsonQs disease; multiple system atrophy
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Amnesia, Transient Global
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders
pawr	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Angina, Unstable|Coronary Artery Disease
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Memory Disorders
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects|Substance-Related Disorders
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:BDNF serum concentrations
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Bulimia|Starvation
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
ngb	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Wounds, Penetrating
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X
th	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Memory Disorders|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Depression, Postpartum
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Depression|treatment with fluoxetine
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Progression
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Progression
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced
LOC100704908	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders|
prkra	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders|
sgce	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders|
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Fragile X Syndrome
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Rett Syndrome
LOC100700193	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Rett Syndrome
foxg1	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Rett Syndrome
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Rett Syndrome
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Headache
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
LOC100703716	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
gal	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
rims2	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
dusp27	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperphagia|Obesity|WAGR Syndrome
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Leukoencephalopathies
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
egr1	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
LOC100694220	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
LOC100707265	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
LOC102083309	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
met	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
LOC100708145	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
LOC100705918	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
cct5	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
LOC100707272	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
irx2	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
umodl1	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
sox2	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
LOC100702986	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
lum	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
gjd2	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
tent4a	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders
LOC100703716	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders
myocd	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs Disease
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs Disease
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs Disease
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; cognition
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinsons disease
uchl1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinsons disease
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinsons disease
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinsons disease
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinsons disease
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinsons disease
pink1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinsons disease
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Polyradiculoneuropathy, Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating
cntn2	GAD_DISEASE:Polyradiculoneuropathy, Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:Polyradiculoneuropathy, Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating
LOC100701247	GAD_DISEASE:Polyradiculoneuropathy, Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating
kif1b	GAD_DISEASE:Polyradiculoneuropathy, Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating
tdp2	GAD_DISEASE:Polyradiculoneuropathy, Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Rett Syndrome
LOC100700193	GAD_DISEASE:Rett Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Rett Syndrome
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Rett Syndrome
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|brain atrophy
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Cord Injuries
ninj1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Cord Injuries
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Cord Injuries
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Cord Injuries
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorder AlzheimerQs disease post-traumatic stress disorder schizophrenia substance abuse
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; personality disorders
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
comt	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100710389	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
alad	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
ace	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100698730	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
gal	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
sigmar1	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
th	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100710500	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
mgll	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
npy	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:amphetamine response
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:amphetamine response
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:amphetamine response
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa; bulimia
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa; bulimia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa; bulimia
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa; bulimia
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa; bulimia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa; bulimia
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa; bulimia
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa; bulimia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant treatment
comt	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant treatment
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant treatment
ace	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant treatment
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant treatment
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant treatment
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant treatment
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
LOC100690541	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
pip4k2a	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
LOC100689766	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
slc1a4	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizophrenia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:brain activity
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:brain activity
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:brain morphology
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:bulimia eating disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:cervical dystonia
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:cervical dystonia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cervical dystonia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:childhood-onset mood disorders
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:childhood-onset mood disorders
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:childhood-onset mood disorders
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:childhood-onset mood disorders
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
comt	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100693455	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
htt	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100689876	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function schizophrenia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function; motor function
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive performance
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive performance
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive performance
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive performance
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive reactivity
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive reactivity
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:depression depressive disorder, major
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depression depressive disorder, major
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:depression stroke
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major hippocampal volume
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:eating disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:eating disorders
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:eating disorders
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:eating disorders
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:eating disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:eating disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:eating disorders
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:eating disorders mood disorders schizophrenia substance abuse
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:electroconvulsive therapy response
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100703474	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100700221	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100701336	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
cacna1g	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
kcnj6	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100691739	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
kcnj3	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100694151	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
khdrbs3	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
gabrd	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100694690	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100704256	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
kcnq3	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy, temporal lobe
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy, temporal lobe
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy, temporal lobe
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy, temporal lobe
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal volume
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:information processing
comt	GAD_DISEASE:information processing
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:introversion and neuroticism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:introversion and neuroticism
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile endogenous attack-like psychoses
comt	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile endogenous attack-like psychoses
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile endogenous attack-like psychoses
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile endogenous attack-like psychoses
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile endogenous attack-like psychoses
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile endogenous attack-like psychoses
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:memory impairment; psychoses
comt	GAD_DISEASE:memory impairment; psychoses
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:memory performance.
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
comt	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
drp2	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
slc6a9	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse; substance abuse
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
comt	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
pick1	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
mgat1	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine use
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:mood pain
comt	GAD_DISEASE:mood pain
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:mood pain
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:mood status
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:neuroticism
comt	GAD_DISEASE:neuroticism
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:neuroticism
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:neuroticism
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:neuroticism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:neuroticism
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:neuroticism
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; anorexia nervosa; bulimia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive Compulsive Disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive Compulsive Disorder
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive Compulsive Disorder
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive Compulsive Disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive Compulsive Disorder
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive Compulsive Disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive-compulsive disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive-compulsive disorder
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive-compulsive disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive-compulsive disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100698579	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100697078	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
smox	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
tspo	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100708638	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
crh	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
gal	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
grp	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100702713	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
usp25	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
tnfrsf21	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100708704	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
clu	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
plekhg1	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
rgs7	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100709980	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
LOC100690564	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:personality trait and intelligence
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
comt	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
th	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits schizophrenia
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits schizophrenia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis
comt	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis
LOC100705918	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:reasoning skills
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:response inhibition
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:rumination
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:rumination
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:schizoaffective disorder schizophrenia
LOC100706142	GAD_DISEASE:schizoaffective disorder schizophrenia
sirt5	GAD_DISEASE:schizoaffective disorder schizophrenia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia weight gain
lmod1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia weight gain
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia weight gain
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia weight gain
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia weight gain
lmod2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia weight gain
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia weight gain
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia weight gain
lmod3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia weight gain
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
LOC100704677	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
LOC100708428	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
mlc1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
pip4k2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
LOC100695866	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
zdhhc8	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
pdlim5	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
LOC100692845	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; psychoses
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
LOC100700221	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
LOC100705567	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
dao	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; bipolar disorder
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; tardive dyskinesia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; tardive dyskinesia
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; tardive dyskinesia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; tardive dyskinesia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; tardive dyskinesia
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:schizotypal traits
comt	GAD_DISEASE:schizotypal traits
LOC100695866	GAD_DISEASE:schizotypal traits
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:schizotypal traits
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:seizures, febrile
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:seizures, febrile
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:seizures, febrile
LOC100700366	GAD_DISEASE:seizures, febrile
hcn2	GAD_DISEASE:seizures, febrile
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:serotonin transporter availability
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
comt	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100693455	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
hprt1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
bbx	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
camkk1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
ncs1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
th	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
cables1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100711715	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100696265	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior
bdnf	GAD_DISEASE:social stress 
bysl	GAD_DISEASE:hematological parameters
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:hematological parameters
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:hematological parameters
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:hematological parameters
ak3	GAD_DISEASE:hematological parameters
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:hematological parameters
myb	GAD_DISEASE:hematological parameters
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:hematological parameters
bysl	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular hemoglobin
LOC100704678	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular hemoglobin
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular hemoglobin
rcl1	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular hemoglobin
fam234a	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular hemoglobin
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular hemoglobin
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular hemoglobin
myb	GAD_DISEASE:mean corpuscular hemoglobin
LOC100702438	GAD_DISEASE:Volumetric brain MRI
ehf	GAD_DISEASE:Volumetric brain MRI
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Volumetric brain MRI
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
dock7	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
maco1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
LOC100695628	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesterol, total
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
lg12h12orf43	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
arid5b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
blvra	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:GRN protein, human
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:lipid concentrations
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:lipid concentrations
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:lipid concentrations
LOC102080620	GAD_DISEASE:lipid concentrations
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lipid concentrations
angptl3	GAD_DISEASE:lipid concentrations
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:lipid concentrations
mmab	GAD_DISEASE:lipid concentrations
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:lipid concentrations
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:lipid concentrations
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:lipid concentrations
LOC100689729	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipoprotein traits
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipoprotein traits
LOC100696864	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipoprotein traits
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipoprotein traits
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipoprotein traits
LOC100707167	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
galnt12	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms
canx	GAD_DISEASE:nephrogenic diabetes insipidus
LOC100707194	GAD_DISEASE:nephrogenic diabetes insipidus
cast	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence
LOC100710174	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence
LOC109195656	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol dependence
cast	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
LOC100705836	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
LOC100697270	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
chga	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
ctns	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
p2ry2	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
LOC100700099	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
trh	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertension
LOC100699819	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum|Placenta Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Parasitic
LOC100705047	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum|Placenta Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Parasitic
chst11	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum|Placenta Diseases|Pregnancy Complications, Parasitic
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Latent Tuberculosis
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity|Neoplasms
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:RNA expression of carboxylesterases 1 and 2.
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:carboxylesterase 2 activity
LOC100691126	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer irinotecan cytotoxicity
cilp	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Spinal Diseases
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lymphatic Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100693984	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lymphatic Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lymphatic Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lymphatic Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lymphatic Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lymphatic Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lymphatic Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
pin1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
taldo1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
ptpn13	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
hspb1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
LOC100706019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
hmcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC102075647	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100709940	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100693708	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
fam167a	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100705971	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100692615	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
ppp1r14c	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
ppm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
tcp1	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
naaladl2	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100695450	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
lnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
med30	GAD_DISEASE:Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100695417	GAD_DISEASE:clubfoot
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:clubfoot
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:clubfoot
hoxd10	GAD_DISEASE:clubfoot
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:clubfoot
LOC100697777	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Disk
LOC100704838	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Disk
LOC100707199	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Disk
bcas3	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Disk
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Disk
rere	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Disk
dlk1	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Disk
LOC102082014	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Disk
card11	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis
comt	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | oppositional defiant disorder 
comt	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD|sleep
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Intervertebral Disk Degeneration|Low Back Pain
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Endometrial Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Heroin Dependence
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Heroin Dependence
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Heroin Dependence
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Hypertension
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|
comt	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease|psychosis
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Amyloid Neuropathies, Familial|Constipation|Diarrhea|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Nausea|Vomiting
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Amyloid Neuropathies, Familial|Constipation|Diarrhea|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Nausea|Vomiting
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Arthralgia|Osteoarthritis, Hip
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Occupational Diseases
comt	GAD_DISEASE:BP-Major Depressive
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:BP-Major Depressive
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:BP-Major Depressive
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:BP-Major Depressive
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:BP-Major Depressive
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus|Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Leiomyoma|Radiation Injuries|Uterine Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion
tbx1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|DiGeorge Syndrome
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Cocaine-Related Disorders|
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Cocaine-Related Disorders|
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cocaine-Related Disorders|
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Pain, Postoperative
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Pain, Postoperative
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Delay discounting
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Depression, Postpartum|
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Depression, Postpartum|
comt	GAD_DISEASE:DiGeorge Syndrome
comt	GAD_DISEASE:DiGeorge Syndrome|Hypertrophy
comt	GAD_DISEASE:DiGeorge Syndrome|Memory Disorders|pharyngeal pouch; syndrome
comt	GAD_DISEASE:DiGeorge Syndrome|Ocular Motility Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:DiGeorge Syndrome|pharyngeal pouch; syndrome
comt	GAD_DISEASE:DiGeorge Syndrome|pharyngeal pouch; syndrome; velo-cardio-facial syndrome; 22q11 deletion syndrome
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslexia
LOC102077381	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslexia
LOC100699377	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslexia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Dyspepsia|Helicobacter Infections
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
dlec1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
lig3	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
polb	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
fancg	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100693372	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
wrap53	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100705227	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal neoplasm|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal neoplasm|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal neoplasm|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic|fatigue syndrome; postviral
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic|fatigue syndrome; postviral
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic|fatigue syndrome; postviral
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic|fatigue syndrome; postviral
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic|fatigue syndrome; postviral
th	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic|fatigue syndrome; postviral
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic|fatigue syndrome; postviral
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic|fatigue syndrome; postviral
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia|Hyperalgesia|Pain, Intractable
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia|Hyperalgesia|Pain, Intractable
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia|Pain
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia|Pain
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Metaplasia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Genital Diseases, Female
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Genital Diseases, Female
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability|Mesothelioma|Pleural Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability|Mesothelioma|Pleural Neoplasms
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability|Mesothelioma|Pleural Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability|Mesothelioma|Pleural Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Hallucinations
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:Hallucinations
pah	GAD_DISEASE:Hallucinations
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Hallucinations
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Hallucinations
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Hallucinations|Marijuana Abuse
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Headache|[D]Pain in head NOS
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Headache|[D]Pain in head NOS
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Herpes Simplex
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Hot Flashes
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Hot Flashes
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Hot Flashes
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Hot Flashes
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
LOC100691194	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension/complications*
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Acute|Shock
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyomatosis|Uterine Neoplasms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Maduromycosis|Mycetoma
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Maduromycosis|Mycetoma
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Maduromycosis|Mycetoma
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Maduromycosis|Mycetoma
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:Maduromycosis|Mycetoma
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse
pctp	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse
LOC100704398	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse
ankfn1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse
chst11	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse
creld2	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse
uchl5	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Memory Disorders
wwc1	GAD_DISEASE:Memory Disorders
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Memory Disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Memory Disorders
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:Memory Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura|Migraine without Aura
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura|Migraine without Aura
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Movement Disorders
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Movement Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Multisomatoform Disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Musculoskeletal Diseases
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Pain
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Neuralgia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Obsessive-compulsive disorder 
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Postoperative Nausea and Vomiting
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Postoperative Nausea and Vomiting
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Shoulder Pain
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Pain|Shoulder Pain
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Pain|Temporomandibular Joint Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; dementia; hallucinations
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; dementia; hallucinations
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects|Serotonin Syndrome
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Problem Behaviors in Youth
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Psychoses, Substance-Induced
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Psychoses, Substance-Induced
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:Psychoses, Substance-Induced
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Deprivation
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Deprivation
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Deprivation
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Deprivation
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Speech Disorders|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Speech Disorders|Substance-Related Disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Subarachnoid Hemorrhage|Vasospasm, Intracranial
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Subarachnoid Hemorrhage|Vasospasm, Intracranial
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome|Tobacco Use Disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome|Tobacco Use Disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome|Tobacco Use Disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette`s Syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette`s Syndrome
comt	GAD_DISEASE:adenomyosis endometriosis
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:adenomyosis endometriosis
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:adenomyosis endometriosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:adenomyosis endometriosis
comt	GAD_DISEASE:aggressive personality traits
comt	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
slc1a2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
htr7	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
npy	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse
comt	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; smoking behavior
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; smoking behavior
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; smoking behavior
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; smoking behavior
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; smoking behavior
hsd17b3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; smoking behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; smoking behavior
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; smoking behavior
comt	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:alexithymia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alexithymia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:anger and forgiveness traits
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:anger and forgiveness traits
comt	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial behavior
comt	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety
mme	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety
comt	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety-related personality traits
slc18a1	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety-related personality traits
comt	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder schizotypal personality traits
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder schizotypal personality traits
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder schizotypal personality traits
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder schizotypal personality traits
comt	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder.
LOC100710302	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder.
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder.
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder.
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder.
comt	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder depressive disorder, major
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder depressive disorder, major
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder depressive disorder, major
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder depressive disorder, major
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder depressive disorder, major
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder depressive disorder, major
comt	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; major depressive disorder
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; major depressive disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; major depressive disorder; rapid cycling mood disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; major depressive disorder; rapid cycling mood disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; major depressive disorder; rapid cycling mood disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; major depressive disorder; rapid cycling mood disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer leukemia lung cancer
rad52	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer leukemia lung cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer leukemia lung cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer leukemia lung cancer
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer leukemia lung cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer leukemia lung cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer leukemia lung cancer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:bone density sex steroid
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:bone density sex steroid
comt	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; height
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; height
comt	GAD_DISEASE:brain activation
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:brain activation
comt	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer fibroadenoma
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer fibroadenoma
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer fibroadenoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer fibroadenoma
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer fibroadenoma
comt	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; endometrial cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; endometrial cancer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherothrombotic
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherothrombotic
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherothrombotic
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherothrombotic
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherothrombotic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherothrombotic
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherothrombotic
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherothrombotic
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherothrombotic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherothrombotic
p53	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherothrombotic
comt	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL
comt	GAD_DISEASE:chronic fatigue syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:chronic fatigue syndrome
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:chronic fatigue syndrome
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:chronic fatigue syndrome
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:chronic fatigue syndrome
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic fatigue syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:chronic fatigue syndrome
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:chronic fatigue syndrome
comt	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis; liver cancer; hepatitis C, chronic
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis; liver cancer; hepatitis C, chronic
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis; liver cancer; hepatitis C, chronic
comt	GAD_DISEASE:cognition
comt	GAD_DISEASE:cognition, prefrontal
comt	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function in children
comt	GAD_DISEASE:cortisol secretion
comt	GAD_DISEASE:daily hassles
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:daily hassles
comt	GAD_DISEASE:decision-making
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:decision-making
comt	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major endocrine regulation
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major endocrine regulation
comt	GAD_DISEASE:estradiol; sex hormone binding globulin
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:estradiol; sex hormone binding globulin
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:estradiol; sex hormone binding globulin
comt	GAD_DISEASE:estrogen
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:estrogen
comt	GAD_DISEASE:estrogens
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:estrogens
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:estrogens
comt	GAD_DISEASE:fear during childbirth
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:fear during childbirth
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:fear during childbirth
comt	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
th	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
dao	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:financial and psychological risk attitudes
comt	GAD_DISEASE:headache
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:headache
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:headache
comt	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:heroin abuse
comt	GAD_DISEASE:high- or low-activity allele of catechol-o-methyltransfer
comt	GAD_DISEASE:hormone concentrations in postmenopausal women
comt	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
casr	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:hormone disturbance
comt	GAD_DISEASE:human spermatogenic defect
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:human spermatogenic defect
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:human spermatogenic defect
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:human spermatogenic defect
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:human spermatogenic defect
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:human spermatogenic defect
comt	GAD_DISEASE:hyperhomocysteinemia
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:hyperhomocysteinemia
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:hyperhomocysteinemia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:impulsivity
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:impulsivity
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:impulsivity
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:impulsivity
comt	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma; non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma; non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma; non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
comt	GAD_DISEASE:mamographic density
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:mamographic density
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:mamographic density
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:mamographic density
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:mamographic density
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:mamographic density
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:mamographic density
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:mamographic density
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:mamographic density
comt	GAD_DISEASE:menarche; menopause
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:menarche; menopause
comt	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
hdc	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
agt	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
f5	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:menopause
comt	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine psychotic disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:monoamine metabolites
comt	GAD_DISEASE:morphine response
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:morphine response
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:morphine response
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:morphine response
comt	GAD_DISEASE:musical aptitude
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:musical aptitude
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:musical aptitude
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:musical aptitude
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:musical aptitude
comt	GAD_DISEASE:narcolepsy
hcrt	GAD_DISEASE:narcolepsy
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:narcolepsy
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:narcolepsy
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:narcolepsy
bag1	GAD_DISEASE:narcolepsy
comt	GAD_DISEASE:narcolepsy-cataplexy symptoms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:neural reward sensitivity
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:neural reward sensitivity
comt	GAD_DISEASE:novelty processing
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:novelty processing
comt	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compusive diorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer risk
comt	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress
comt	GAD_DISEASE:pain response
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:pain response
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:pain response
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:pain response
comt	GAD_DISEASE:parkinson
comt	GAD_DISEASE:performance on the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test
comt	GAD_DISEASE:phobic anxiety
comt	GAD_DISEASE:premenstrual dysphoric disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:premenstrual dysphoric disorder
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:premenstrual dysphoric disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:premenstrual dysphoric disorder
comt	GAD_DISEASE:prostate carcinoma
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:prostate carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:prostate carcinoma
comt	GAD_DISEASE:psychiatric manifestations of velo-cardio-facial syndrome
comt	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses
med12	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses
comt	GAD_DISEASE:reward dependence temperament
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:reward dependence temperament
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:reward dependence temperament
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:reward dependence temperament
slc18a1	GAD_DISEASE:reward dependence temperament
comt	GAD_DISEASE:risperidone-induced extrapyramidal symptoms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:risperidone-induced extrapyramidal symptoms
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:risperidone-induced extrapyramidal symptoms
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:risperidone-induced extrapyramidal symptoms
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:risperidone-induced extrapyramidal symptoms
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:risperidone-induced extrapyramidal symptoms
comt	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; suicide; violent behavior
comt	GAD_DISEASE:sex hormones
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:sex hormones
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:sex hormones
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:sex hormones
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:sex hormones
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:sex hormones
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:sex hormones
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:sex hormones
comt	GAD_DISEASE:shyness
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:shyness
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:shyness
comt	GAD_DISEASE:skeletal muscle properties
comt	GAD_DISEASE:sleep deprivation
comt	GAD_DISEASE:startle reflex
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:startle reflex
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:startle reflex
comt	GAD_DISEASE:substance abuse
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:substance abuse
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:substance abuse
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:substance abuse
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:substance abuse
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:substance abuse
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:substance abuse
comt	GAD_DISEASE:suicide; personality disorders
comt	GAD_DISEASE:susceptibility to lead
comt	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
LOC100709859	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
pah	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:tardive dyskinesia
comt	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumor
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumor
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumor
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumor
spry4	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumor
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumor
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumor
hsd17b4	GAD_DISEASE:testicular germ cell tumor
comt	GAD_DISEASE:testosterone; estradiol; androstenedione; DHEA; progesterone
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:testosterone; estradiol; androstenedione; DHEA; progesterone
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:testosterone; estradiol; androstenedione; DHEA; progesterone
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:testosterone; estradiol; androstenedione; DHEA; progesterone
comt	GAD_DISEASE:treatment response in electroconvulsive therapy
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:treatment response in electroconvulsive therapy
comt	GAD_DISEASE:urinary estrogen metabolites
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:urinary estrogen metabolites
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:urinary estrogen metabolites
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:urinary estrogen metabolites
comt	GAD_DISEASE:uterine leiomyoma
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:uterine leiomyoma
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:uterine leiomyoma
comt	GAD_DISEASE:violent offenders with mental retardation
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Adult ADHD | attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Adult ADHD | attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
ctnna2	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-10
LOC100707845	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Pancreatitis, Chronic
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Pancreatitis, Chronic
LOC100707845	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Pancreatitis
LOC100707845	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis, tropical calcific
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:Creutzfeldt-Jakob Syndrome
mtmr7	GAD_DISEASE:Creutzfeldt-Jakob Syndrome
pknox2	GAD_DISEASE:Creutzfeldt-Jakob Syndrome
pdcl3	GAD_DISEASE:Creutzfeldt-Jakob Syndrome
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease|Creutzfeldt-Jakob Syndrome
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:intelligence
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:intelligence
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:intelligence
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:intelligence
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:intelligence
ctsd	GAD_DISEASE:tau concentration
ctso	GAD_DISEASE:speech perception in dyslexia
pdgfc	GAD_DISEASE:speech perception in dyslexia
tdo2	GAD_DISEASE:speech perception in dyslexia
LOC100703963	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
mst1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
pus10	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
stx8	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
lyrm4	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
LOC102078975	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
ccny	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
fgfr1op	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
lacc1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
faf1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
sbno2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|
chl1	GAD_DISEASE:IQ
cdc6	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
cdc6	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
cetn3	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes and other traits
LOC100705319	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes and other traits
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes and other traits
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes and other traits
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes and other traits
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetes and other traits
crbn	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin K
LOC100709874	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin K
sfxn1	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin K
sema3e	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin K
trmt11	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin K
LOC100690653	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin K
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin K
tmem14a	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin K
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin K
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin K
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Thrombosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Thrombosis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Thrombosis
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Thrombosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Thrombosis
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Thrombosis
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Dementia|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Dementia|Memory Disorders
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoprotein A-I
LOC100691806	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoprotein A-I
rspo2	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoprotein A-I
rbm46	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoprotein A-I
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Carotid Artery Diseases
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hypercholesterolemia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hypercholesterolemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hypercholesterolemia
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Biochemical measures
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:Biochemical measures
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:Biochemical measures
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Biochemical measures
pknox1	GAD_DISEASE:Biochemical measures
ksr2	GAD_DISEASE:Biochemical measures
pcsk2	GAD_DISEASE:Biochemical measures
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Biochemical measures
rap1gds1	GAD_DISEASE:Biochemical measures
usp46	GAD_DISEASE:Biochemical measures
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Dementia, Vascular|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Dementia, Vascular|
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Dementia|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Dementia|Myocardial Infarction
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Dementia|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Memory Disorders
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Infarction
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Infarction
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity|Virilism
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity|Virilism
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity|Virilism
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity|Virilism
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity|Virilism
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity|Virilism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity|Virilism
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity|Virilism
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Stenosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Stenosis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Stenosis
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Stenosis
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Stenosis|Myocardial Infarction
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypercholesterolemia
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypercholesterolemia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypercholesterolemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypercholesterolemia
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperlipidemias
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
kiaa0391	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial Infarction
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Recurrence
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Recurrence
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Death, Sudden|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction|Recurrence
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Lipid Metabolism, Inborn Errors
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus
mafa	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus
iapp	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X
arhgef12	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X
ptges2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Myocardial Infarction
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Vascular Diseases
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:HDL Cholesterol
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:HDL Cholesterol
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:HDL Cholesterol
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:HDL Cholesterol
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:HDL Cholesterol
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:HDL Cholesterol
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
npc1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100702823	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100707636	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemias
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemias
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemias
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemias
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemias
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia|Hypopituitarism|Metabolic Syndrome X
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid disorders
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol, HDL triglycerides
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol, HDL triglycerides
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol, HDL triglycerides
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol, HDL triglycerides
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
f5	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation
ace	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation
LOC100692298	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation
LOC100690703	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation
kcne4	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; triglycerides; cholesterol, total; blood pressure; leptin; apoA1; apoA2; fasting blood sugar; fasting blood sugar
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; triglycerides; cholesterol, total; blood pressure; leptin; apoA1; apoA2; fasting blood sugar; fasting blood sugar
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; triglycerides; cholesterol, total; blood pressure; leptin; apoA1; apoA2; fasting blood sugar; fasting blood sugar
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; triglycerides; cholesterol, total; blood pressure; leptin; apoA1; apoA2; fasting blood sugar; fasting blood sugar
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; triglycerides; cholesterol, total; blood pressure; leptin; apoA1; apoA2; fasting blood sugar; fasting blood sugar
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; triglycerides; cholesterol, total; blood pressure; leptin; apoA1; apoA2; fasting blood sugar; fasting blood sugar
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease risk
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease risk
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease risk
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease risk
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease risk
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular events in non-smokers
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:carotid atherosclerosis
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL fatty acid glucose insulin lipoprotein triacylglycerols
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL fatty acid glucose insulin lipoprotein triacylglycerols
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL fatty acid glucose insulin lipoprotein triacylglycerols
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL fatty acid glucose insulin lipoprotein triacylglycerols
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL hypertriglyceridemia lipoproteins triglycerides
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL obesity
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL; lathosterol
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL; lathosterol
hmgcl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL; lathosterol
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL; lathosterol
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesteryl ester transfer protein
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; lipoprotein
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; lipoprotein
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; lipoprotein
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; lipoprotein
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; lipoprotein; lipids
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; lipoprotein; lipids
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; lipoprotein; lipids
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triglycerides; diabetes, type 2; cholesterol, LDL; lipoproteins; indulinh
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesteryl ester transfer protein
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesteryl ester transfer protein plasma lipid levels
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes mellitus
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes mellitus
ins	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes mellitus
gck	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes mellitus
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes mellitus
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes mellitus
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:exceptional longevity
LOC100534562	GAD_DISEASE:exceptional longevity
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:exceptional longevity
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:high plasma CETP activity.
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:hyperlipidemia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:hyperlipidemia
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:hyperlipidemia
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:hyperlipidemia
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:hyperlipidemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:hyperlipidemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:hyperlipidemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:hyperlipidemia
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:hyperlipidemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:hyperlipidemia
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced preeclampsia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced preeclampsia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced preeclampsia
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced preeclampsia
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced preeclampsia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced preeclampsia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced preeclampsia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pregnancy induced preeclampsia
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:insulin and HOMA levels
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
add1	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
ace	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
agt	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profile
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein, LDL; lipids; preeclampsia; apolipoproteins
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein, LDL; lipids; preeclampsia; apolipoproteins
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins
fabp1	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins and plasma lipids
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:low CETP activity
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:macro- and microangiopathy
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:macroangiopathy
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:macroangiopathy
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
ace	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
agt	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
f5	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; macular degeneration; colorectal cancer
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; diabetes, type 2
ace	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; diabetes, type 2
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; diabetes, type 2
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; diabetes, type 2
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction | metabolic syndrome
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction | metabolic syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction | metabolic syndrome
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction | metabolic syndrome
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
add1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
mok	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:preeclamptic pregnancies
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:preeclamptic pregnancies
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:vitamin E and carotenoids
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:vitamin E and carotenoids
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:vitamin E and carotenoids
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:vitamin E and carotenoids
mtfp1	GAD_DISEASE:vitamin E and carotenoids
cetp	GAD_DISEASE:waist circumference and related phenotypes
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:waist circumference and related phenotypes
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:waist circumference and related phenotypes
LOC100694841	GAD_DISEASE:orofacial clefts
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:orofacial clefts
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:orofacial clefts
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:orofacial clefts
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:orofacial clefts
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:orofacial clefts
chdh	GAD_DISEASE:orofacial clefts
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:orofacial clefts
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:orofacial clefts
LOC100691229	GAD_DISEASE:orofacial clefts
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
eml4	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Cocaine-Related Disorders|
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Cocaine-Related Disorders|
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Cocaine-Related Disorders|
tacr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Cocaine-Related Disorders|
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Marijuana Abuse|Tobacco Use Disorder
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Marijuana Abuse|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Tobacco Use Disorder
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696615	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
psma4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
ireb2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic obstructive Pulmonary Disease
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 
ireb2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms
rbms3	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms
mtmr3	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms
tnfrsf19	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms
hykk	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Motor Neuron Disease
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:Motor Neuron Disease
LOC100698882	GAD_DISEASE:Motor Neuron Disease
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders|Tobacco Use Disorder
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
myb	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
osbpl10	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
vps13d	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:lung adenocarcinoma
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:lung adenocarcinoma
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:lung adenocarcinoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:lung adenocarcinoma
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:lung adenocarcinoma
tert	GAD_DISEASE:lung adenocarcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:lung adenocarcinoma
LOC100706970	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
LOC100696671	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
LOC100693164	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
LOC100705119	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
ttc12	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Cocaine-Related Disorders|Tobacco Use Disorder
chrna5	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine
gabra4	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine
kcnj6	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine
LOC100692189	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine
LOC100696615	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|Epilepsy, Generalized|
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:brain function
fah	GAD_DISEASE:brain function
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:brain function
LOC100691116	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; smoking behavior
LOC100708615	GAD_DISEASE:dizziness to tobacco
LOC100691234	GAD_DISEASE:dizziness to tobacco
cbx6	GAD_DISEASE:Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
LOC100702362	GAD_DISEASE:Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
tacc3	GAD_DISEASE:Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:AddisonQs disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:AddisonQs disease
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Stroke
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Stroke
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Stroke
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic
adar	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic
eif2s1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Multiple Sclerosis|Myocardial Infarction|Systemic lupus erythematosus
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Myasthenia Gravis
LOC100707489	GAD_DISEASE:Myasthenia Gravis
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Myasthenia Gravis
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Myasthenia Gravis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Myasthenia Gravis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Myasthenia Gravis
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis|Syndrome
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:autoimmune inflammatory disease
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis hepatitis B liver cancer
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis and eczema
il10	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis and eczema
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis and eczema
il16	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis and eczema
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis and eczema
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis and eczema
tollip	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis and eczema
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis and eczema
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis and eczema
LOC100709346	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis and eczema
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis and eczema
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome myocardial infarct
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis narcolepsy rheumatoid arthritis WegenerQs granulomatosis
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis rheumatoid arthritis
ciita	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis thyroid disease, autoimmune
LOC100707016	GAD_DISEASE:psychotic disorders
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:psychotic disorders
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:5-flurouracil pharmacokinetics
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity|Overweight|Thinness|Weight Gain
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa bulimia
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:circadian variability
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:cluster headache
hcrtr2	GAD_DISEASE:cluster headache
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:cluster headache
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:depression sleep disorders
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:diurnal preference
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:diurnal preference
LOC100695408	GAD_DISEASE:diurnal preference
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:diurnal preference
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:insomnia
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:neuropsychological performance
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:personality dimensions
fundc1	GAD_DISEASE:personality dimensions
thumpd2	GAD_DISEASE:personality dimensions
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | mood disorders
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:seasonal affective disorder
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:seasonal affective disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:seasonal affective disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:seasonal affective disorder
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:sleep and circadian rhythmicity
LOC100703460	GAD_DISEASE:total energy intake and cytokine sleep factors 
cotl1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100690350	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
LOC100691255	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
zc3h7a	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
mastl	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
LOC100690118	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
thnsl1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
LOC100711773	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
ddhd1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
khdrbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
sik3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
ccdc6	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
gda	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
LOC100706964	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
kcnj3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
tmtc4	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
LOC100704522	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
ccdc14	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
ccnb1ip1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
parp2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Drinking
LOC100690350	GAD_DISEASE:Drinking Behavior
colgalt1	GAD_DISEASE:Aspartate Aminotransferases
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Aspartate Aminotransferases
LOC100695895	GAD_DISEASE:Aspartate Aminotransferases
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:Aspartate Aminotransferases
gbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Aspartate Aminotransferases
khdrbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Aspartate Aminotransferases
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Aspartate Aminotransferases
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Aspartate Aminotransferases
tfec	GAD_DISEASE:Aspartate Aminotransferases
ldah	GAD_DISEASE:Aspartate Aminotransferases
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Aspartate Aminotransferases
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary|Osteoporosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary|Osteoporosis
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary|Osteoporosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|CollesQ Fracture|Fractures, Spontaneous|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Diseases, Metabolic|Osteoporosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Diseases, Metabolic|Osteoporosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Diseases|Osteoporosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Diseases|Osteoporosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
LOC100701922	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
LOC100692649	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
LOC100692377	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
LOC100534423	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
hoxd11	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
hoxd12	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
hoxd3	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
hoxd4	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
hoxd9	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
hoxa5	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Clubfoot
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Insulin Resistance|Myocardial Infarction
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
LOC100697873	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
txnrd2	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
dio3	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
lrch1	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
LOC100696268	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
adamts5	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
dhh	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
usp33	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Osteoarthritis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Dwarfism, Pituitary
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Fractures, Stress
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Fractures, Stress
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Fractures, Stress
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Fractures, Stress
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Fractures, Stress
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Fractures, Stress
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis|Spinal Fractures
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis|Spinal Fractures
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis|Spinal Fractures
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis|Spinal Fractures
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Spontaneous|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Spontaneous|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Spontaneous|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Spontaneous|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Spontaneous|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Spontaneous|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Spontaneous|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Spontaneous|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100705046	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
col11a1	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
col10a1	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
dct	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
col9a3	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia, Degenerative
LOC100705918	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia, Degenerative
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia, Degenerative
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia, Degenerative
LOC100702986	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia, Degenerative
lum	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia, Degenerative
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia, Degenerative
LOC100711149	GAD_DISEASE:Myopia, Degenerative
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Osteoporosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Hip
bmp5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis, Hip
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteogenesis imperfecta
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis|Spinal Fractures
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis|Spinal Fractures
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontitis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontitis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontitis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontitis
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontitis
ctsc	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontitis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontitis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontitis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Shoulder Dislocation|Soft Tissue Injuries
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Fractures
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Fractures
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Cervical Incompetence
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Cervical Incompetence
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Prolapse
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Prolapse
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Prolapse
lamc1	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Prolapse
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:achondroplasia
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:achondroplasia
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:aortic stiffness
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:aortic stiffness
ace	GAD_DISEASE:aortic stiffness
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:aortic stiffness
agt	GAD_DISEASE:aortic stiffness
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Bone Diseases, Metabolic|Osteoporosis|Thalassemia
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Osteoporosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:beta-Thalassemia|Osteoporosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:betaCL osteocalcin
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:betaCL osteocalcin
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone cancer
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:bone cancer
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone characteristics
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density osteoporosis
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:bone density osteoporosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density osteoporosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fractures
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fractures
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fractures
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fractures
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fractures
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fractures, vertebral
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fractures, vertebral
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fractures, vertebral
sost	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fractures, vertebral
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; muscle strength
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone fractures
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:bone fractures
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone loss
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:bone loss
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
casr	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
sost	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:femoral neck geometry
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:hearing impairment|Hearing Loss|Otosclerosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness; osteogenesis imperfecta
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness; osteogenesis imperfecta
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:hip dislocation, congenital
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia | bone mineral density
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia | bone mineral density
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia | bone mineral density
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:lumbar disc disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:lumbar disc disease
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:lumbar disc disease
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:mild chondrodysplasia
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:mild osteogenesis imperfecta
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:oral submucous fibrosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:oral submucous fibrosis
LOC100702891	GAD_DISEASE:oral submucous fibrosis
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:oral submucous fibrosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:oral submucous fibrosis
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:oral submucous fibrosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:osteogenesis Imperfecta
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:osteogenesis Imperfecta
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal; estradiol
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal; estradiol
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal; estradiol
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis; cirrhosis, primary biliary
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis; cirrhosis, primary biliary
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:otosclerosis
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:otosclerosis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma protein C levels
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:prevalent fractures
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia tall stature and precocious osteoarthritis
col1a1	GAD_DISEASE:urinary incontinence
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:urinary incontinence
col7a1	GAD_DISEASE:Epidermolysis Bullosa Dystrophica
col7a1	GAD_DISEASE:Epidermolysis Bullosa|Pruritus
col7a1	GAD_DISEASE:dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; ParkinsonQs disease; insulin; lung function; depression; longevity
LOC100702684	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; ParkinsonQs disease; insulin; lung function; depression; longevity
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
LOC100698412	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
dock1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
ptpre	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
adgra1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
ezr	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
LOC100707634	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Geographic Atrophy
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Geographic Atrophy
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Geographic Atrophy
cfi	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Geographic Atrophy
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Macular Degeneration|Retinal Drusen
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|Seizures, Febrile
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|Seizures, Febrile
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Erythema Nodosum|Sarcoidosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Erythema Nodosum|Sarcoidosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Erythema Nodosum|Sarcoidosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Erythema Nodosum|Sarcoidosis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Erythema Nodosum|Sarcoidosis
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Erythema Nodosum|Sarcoidosis
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Geographic Atrophy|Macular Degeneration
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Geographic Atrophy|Macular Degeneration
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Geographic Atrophy|Macular Degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Geographic Atrophy|Macular Degeneration
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Haemolytic-uraemic syndrome|Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
cfi	GAD_DISEASE:Haemolytic-uraemic syndrome|Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration|Vision, Low
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration|Vision, Low
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration|Vision, Low
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration|Vision, Low
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration|Vision, Low
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration|Vision, Low
fbln5	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration|Vision, Low
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:age-related maculopathy
LOC100711736	GAD_DISEASE:age-related maculopathy
LOC100711938	GAD_DISEASE:age-related maculopathy
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
psmg1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:obstructive chronic bronchopneumopathie
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:scar hypertrophy
LOC100709003	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
LOC100709409	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
esd	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
ptx3	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis
cplx3	GAD_DISEASE:Behavior, Addictive
cplx3	GAD_DISEASE:Caffeine
ppcdc	GAD_DISEASE:Caffeine
baz1b	GAD_DISEASE:Caffeine
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Acenocoumarol maintenance dosage
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Blood pressure
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Blood pressure
daw1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood pressure
stk39	GAD_DISEASE:Blood pressure
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Neoplasms
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Neoplasms
kiaa0825	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Neoplasms
LOC100696343	GAD_DISEASE:Intelligence
LOC100708019	GAD_DISEASE:Intelligence
bet1	GAD_DISEASE:Intelligence
depdc5	GAD_DISEASE:Intelligence
commd1	GAD_DISEASE:Wilson disease
LOC100701459	GAD_DISEASE:Wilson disease
coro2b	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms
hectd4	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms
sema5b	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC100711379	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Chromosome Inversion|
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases|Neurodegenerative Diseases|Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Psychophysiologic Disorders
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Psychophysiologic Disorders
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Psychophysiologic Disorders
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Psychophysiologic Disorders
crh	GAD_DISEASE:Psychophysiologic Disorders
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:Psychophysiologic Disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Psychophysiologic Disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Psychophysiologic Disorders
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Psychophysiologic Disorders
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:Vaginosis, Bacterial
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Vaginosis, Bacterial
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Vaginosis, Bacterial
crh	GAD_DISEASE:Vaginosis, Bacterial
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:childhood maltreatment 
LOC100703872	GAD_DISEASE:musculoskeletal pain
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:musculoskeletal pain
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:musculoskeletal pain
crh	GAD_DISEASE:musculoskeletal pain
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:musculoskeletal pain
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:musculoskeletal pain
cryba4	GAD_DISEASE:microphthalmia | coloboma
LOC100708243	GAD_DISEASE:microphthalmia | coloboma
LOC100711859	GAD_DISEASE:microphthalmia | coloboma
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:microphthalmia | coloboma
sox2	GAD_DISEASE:microphthalmia | coloboma
LOC100712477	GAD_DISEASE:microphthalmia | coloboma
six6	GAD_DISEASE:microphthalmia | coloboma
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:microphthalmia | coloboma
LOC100707476	GAD_DISEASE:microphthalmia | coloboma
ccna2	GAD_DISEASE:Luteinizing Hormone
sall1	GAD_DISEASE:Luteinizing Hormone
usp10	GAD_DISEASE:Luteinizing Hormone
cttnbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Luteinizing Hormone
LOC100707947	GAD_DISEASE:Luteinizing Hormone
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Luteinizing Hormone
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Luteinizing Hormone
LOC100709732	GAD_DISEASE:Luteinizing Hormone
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Luteinizing Hormone
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|meningioma|Neuroma, Acoustic|Neuromas, Acoustic
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
LOC100709512	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
LOC100692530	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
LOC100534432	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
LOC100704819	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
e2f2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|
gtdc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Squamous cell carcinoma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Squamous cell carcinoma
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Prostatic Neoplasms
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Prostatic Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Prostatic Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Prostatic Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Viral|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Colorectal Neoplasms|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:ER negative
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Diseases|Hemophilia A
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Peptic Ulcer|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
selenos	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal Diseases|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukoplakia, Oral
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukoplakia, Oral
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs|Translocation, Genetic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs|Translocation, Genetic
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Pituitary Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:advanced colorectal cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer, urinary
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer.
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:breast and colorectal cancers.
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; colorectal cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
hras	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:chemotherapy toxicity
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:chemotherapy toxicity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:chemotherapy toxicity
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer, nonpolyposis
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; Barrett esophagus; gastroesophageal reflux disease
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; cardiac cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; gastric cardiac cancer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; gastric cardiac cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; gastric cardiac cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; stomach cancer; BarretQs esophagus
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:gastroesophageal cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:hyperparathyroidism
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:hyperparathyroidism
casr	GAD_DISEASE:hyperparathyroidism
cdc73	GAD_DISEASE:hyperparathyroidism
men1	GAD_DISEASE:hyperparathyroidism
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:laryngeal cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:laryngeal cancer
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:laryngeal cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute lymphoblastic
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute lymphoblastic
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer smoking behavior
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphocytic lymphoma of intermediate differentiation
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:meningioma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:meningioma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:meningioma
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:meningioma
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:meningioma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:meningioma
nf2	GAD_DISEASE:meningioma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:meningioma
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:meningioma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:meningioma
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal cancer
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal cancer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal cancer
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal cancer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal cancer
LOC100708887	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia; prostate cancer
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia; prostate cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia; prostate cancer
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia; prostate cancer
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia; prostate cancer
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:prostatic hyperplasia; prostate cancer
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, non-melanoma
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:squamous cell carcinoma
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:tumour grade
ccnd1	GAD_DISEASE:urinary bladder cancer
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:urinary bladder cancer
cnnm3	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
tmem178a	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
zc4h2	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
arx	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
LOC100710999	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
LOC100698817	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
LOC100702360	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
lg12h9orf3	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
LOC100694176	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
LOC100705572	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
ttc7a	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|melanoma|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms|Uveal Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|melanoma|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms|Uveal Neoplasms
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma
sec61g	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma
phldb1	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma
LOC100709275	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Neoplasms, Second Primary
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2; glucose; birth weight
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, childhood acute lymphoblastic
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, childhood acute lymphoblastic
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, childhood acute lymphoblastic
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, childhood acute lymphoblastic
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, childhood acute lymphoblastic
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, childhood acute lymphoblastic
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, childhood acute lymphoblastic
cdk4	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma, sporadic primary
LOC109194384	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma, sporadic primary
p53	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma, sporadic primary
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
slc52a3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Low Tension Glaucoma|Ocular Hypertension
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Low Tension Glaucoma|Ocular Hypertension
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Low Tension Glaucoma|Ocular Hypertension
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Low Tension Glaucoma|Ocular Hypertension
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Low Tension Glaucoma|Ocular Hypertension
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Prostatic Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Prostatic Neoplasms
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Prostatic Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:Occupational Diseases
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Occupational Diseases
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Occupational Diseases
arf1	GAD_DISEASE:Occupational Diseases
LOC100698715	GAD_DISEASE:Occupational Diseases
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Occupational Diseases
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis lupus erythematosus
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis lupus erythematosus
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized myocardial infarct
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer gastric cardiac cancer
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer gastric cardiac cancer
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer gastric cardiac cancer
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer gastric cardiac cancer
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer gastric cardiac cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:gastritis, chronic atrophic; stomach cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:gastritis, chronic atrophic; stomach cancer
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
LOC100711224	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
wdr36	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
optn	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC100698076	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC100706999	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
wdr36	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC100690929	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC100691194	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
optn	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle
LOC102082412	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer
LOC100700193	GAD_DISEASE:Rett Syndrome|Seizures
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Rett Syndrome|Seizures
LOC100700193	GAD_DISEASE:Rett syndrome
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Rett syndrome
LOC100700193	GAD_DISEASE:infantile spasms mental retardation seizures
csrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
hspb6	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
LOC100690118	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
bag3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
LOC100695257	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
pln	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
zbtb17	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated
csrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
tcap	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
LOC100707005	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
LOC100690118	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
LOC100696318	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic
csrp3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|
tcap	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|
LOC100695257	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|
csrp3	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy
tcap	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100690118	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy
pln	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy
crispld2	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100707450	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
rara	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate cleft lip without cleft palate
crispld2	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
rara	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
shh	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
clptm1	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
satb2	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
ryk	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
sumo1	GAD_DISEASE:oral clefts
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma, Exercise-Induced|Bronchial Hyperreactivity
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Drug Hypersensitivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate|Urticaria
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Drug Hypersensitivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate|Urticaria
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis|Sinusitis
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis|Sinusitis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis|Sinusitis
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis|Sinusitis
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis|Sinusitis
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis|Sinusitis
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis|Sinusitis
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma atopy
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:asthma atopy
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma dermatitis and eczema
cysltr1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma rhinitis
cars	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Bronchiolo-Alveolar|Hyperplasia|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Precancerous Conditions
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Amyloid beta-Peptides
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Amyloid beta-Peptides
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Cancer
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|Obesity
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|Obesity
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Female pseudohermaphroditism
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Gynecomastia
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility|Ovarian Hyperstimulation Syndrome
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility|Ovarian Hyperstimulation Syndrome
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
fem1b	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
fem1c	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100701982	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
sgta	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100699443	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
slc2a4	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Natural Menopause|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
LOC100693612	GAD_DISEASE:POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
inha	GAD_DISEASE:POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
sall4	GAD_DISEASE:POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Puberty, Precocious
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatic Hyperplasia
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:adult height or insulin resistance
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:adult male height
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:age at natural menopause
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:age at natural menopause
nrip1	GAD_DISEASE:age at natural menopause
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:age at natural menopause
LOC100708030	GAD_DISEASE:age at natural menopause
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:androgen
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:androgen
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:androgens estradiol estrogens hot flashes progesterone
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:androgens estradiol estrogens hot flashes progesterone
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:aromatase excess syndrome
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis, juvenile
mif	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis, juvenile
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis, juvenile
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis, juvenile
crh	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis, juvenile
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis, juvenile
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis, juvenile
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin metabolic syndrome
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin metabolic syndrome
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer ovarian cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer ovarian cancer
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:estrogen and estrogen/testosterone ratio
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:hyperandrogenism
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:hyperandrogenism
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:hyperandrogenism
ins	GAD_DISEASE:hyperandrogenism
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:hyperandrogenism
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density 
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density 
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density 
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic density 
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:menarche
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:menarche
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:menarche
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:menarche
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:menarche
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:menarche menopause
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:menarche menopause
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:menarche menopause
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:menarche menopause
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:menarche menopause
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal; bone density; hormone disturbance
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal; bone density; hormone disturbance
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome
fst	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome
LOC100699443	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:testosterone; androgen; phytoestrogen
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:testosterone; androgen; phytoestrogen
LOC100708217	GAD_DISEASE:urinary tract symptoms, prostate volume, uroflow and PSA
LOC100695816	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational|Vitamin D Deficiency
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational|Vitamin D Deficiency
LOC100695816	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 Vitamin D
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Hypertension
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Hypertension
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Hypertension
LOC100690876	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercalcemia|Hypercalciuria
mettl1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercalcemia|Hypercalciuria
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercalcemia|Hypercalciuria
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercalcemia|Hypercalciuria
fgf23	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercalcemia|Hypercalciuria
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:AddisonQs disease; GravesQ disease
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|Hashimoto Disease|Thyroiditis, Autoimmune
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
LOC100700081	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
LOC100695895	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis
LOC100706100	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1; AddisonQs disease; GravesQ disease; thyroiditis, chronic lymphocytic
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:bone density dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:bone density dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate osteoporosis
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:clozapine
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:cyclosporine
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:enzyme activity
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:lopinavir accumulation
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:lopinavir accumulation
LOC100700506	GAD_DISEASE:midazolam
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|Periodontitis, Juvenile
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|Periodontitis, Juvenile
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|Periodontitis, Juvenile
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Atherosclerosis|Heart Diseases|Hypertension
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Cerebral Infarction|Stroke
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Carotid Artery Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Carotid Artery Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Carotid Artery Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Diabetes Complications|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Myocardial Infarction
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Diabetes Complications|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Myocardial Infarction
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Diabetes Complications|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:CHD
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hypercholesterolemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Peptic Ulcer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Peptic Ulcer
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Arteriosclerosis|Stroke
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Arteriosclerosis|Stroke
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:NADPH Oxidase
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:agranulocytosis
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:agranulocytosis
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:albumin excretion rate blood pressure, arterial cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL glucose triglycerides weight
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:angina
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:angina
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:angina
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:angina
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:angina
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:angina
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:angina
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:angina
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:angina
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cardiovascular disease diabetes, type 2 hypertension metabolic syndrome obesity stroke, hemorrhagic stroke, ischemic
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cardiovascular disease diabetes, type 2 hypertension metabolic syndrome obesity stroke, hemorrhagic stroke, ischemic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cardiovascular disease diabetes, type 2 hypertension metabolic syndrome obesity stroke, hemorrhagic stroke, ischemic
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary endothelial function hypercholesterolemia lipids
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary endothelial function hypercholesterolemia lipids
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial oxidative stress tetralogy of Fallot
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:candidiasis
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death cardiovascular disease oxidative stress
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
krit1	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease, ischemic
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease, ischemic
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease, ischemic
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease, ischemic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease, ischemic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease, ischemic
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease, ischemic
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease, ischemic
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease, ischemic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease, ischemic
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
rad54b	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
pms1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
exo1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
pcna	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
tert	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; insulin resistance
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery spasm
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery spasm
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery spasm
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery spasm
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:coronary endothelial vasodilator function
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease in younger individuals.
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1; nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:dyspepsia in Helicobacter pylori-infected Japanese individuals
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolaemia
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension NADPH oxidase activity
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension vascular aging
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, acute
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic
sgk1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
akr1a1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma lymphoma, non-Hodgkin
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
ace	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
mef2a	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
f5	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy
p53	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:non-Hodgkin lymphoma
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:non-Hodgkin lymphoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:non-Hodgkin lymphoma
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:non-Hodgkin lymphoma
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:non-Hodgkin lymphoma
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:non-Hodgkin lymphoma
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:non-Hodgkin lymphoma
akr1a1	GAD_DISEASE:non-Hodgkin lymphoma
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress 
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress 
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress 
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress 
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress 
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress 
plat	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress 
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress 
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative stress 
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:peripheral arterial occlusive disease
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:peripheral vascular disease
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:peripheral vascular disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:peripheral vascular disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:peripheral vascular disease
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:peripheral vascular disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:peripheral vascular disease
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis tuberculosis
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis tuberculosis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis tuberculosis
duox1	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis tuberculosis
ncf1	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis tuberculosis
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis tuberculosis
LOC100705711	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis tuberculosis
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:sclerosis, systemic
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:sclerosis, systemic
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:sclerosis, systemic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:sclerosis, systemic
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:sclerosis, systemic
il13ra2	GAD_DISEASE:sclerosis, systemic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:sclerosis, systemic
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:sclerosis, systemic
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:sclerosis, systemic
aire	GAD_DISEASE:sclerosis, systemic
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:sclerosis, systemic
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:vascular NAD(P)H oxidase activity
LOC100705310	GAD_DISEASE:vasodilation, flow-mediated
clnk	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
mrm1	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
LOC100694717	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
mdm1	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
galnt17	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
ptprk	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
clcn4	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
LOC100707418	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
pik3c3	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
ttc29	GAD_DISEASE:gamma-Glutamylcyclotransferase
cish	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|Malaria|Tuberculosis
LOC100699771	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer neutropenia
dck	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer neutropenia
LOC100694900	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer neutropenia
LOC100699771	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm
LOC100704394	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm
dck	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm
LOC100694900	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm
slc28a1	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm
dll1	GAD_DISEASE:hair thickness
eda	GAD_DISEASE:hair thickness
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:hair thickness
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:hair thickness
LOC100704034	GAD_DISEASE:hair thickness
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:hair thickness
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:hair thickness
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:hair thickness
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:hair thickness
dll1	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
sirt3	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
ascc1	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
becn1	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
LOC100709337	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
kl	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
trdmt1	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
ing1	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
sirt1	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
mtor	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
p53	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
zmpste24	GAD_DISEASE:healthy oldest-old
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease|Autoimmune Diseases|Graves Disease|Hashimoto Disease|Thyroid Diseases
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:DNase I activity
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC109202009	GAD_DISEASE:glucose lipids
dut	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|
smug1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|
alad	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|
tdg	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|
atm	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|
ung	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|
dgkq	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease 
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease 
plekhm1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease 
dgkq	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease (familial)
gak	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease (familial)
dkk2	GAD_DISEASE:Vital Capacity
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Vital Capacity
LOC100692334	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant
pkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant
itga8	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant
dpep1	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine
nox4	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine
cth	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine
mut	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine
LOC100697339	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; tricho-dento-osseous syndrome
LOC100697339	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
bcl3	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100707450	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
rara	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
clptm1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100690053	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
satb2	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100710579	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
ski	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
pax9	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Disorders
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Disorders
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Defict/ Hyperactivity Disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Child Temperament
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Child Temperament
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Heroin Dependence|Pain
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Major Psychoses
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:Major Psychoses
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Major Psychoses
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Major Psychoses
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Malnutrition
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Malnutrition
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Malnutrition
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Malnutrition
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Nocturnal Enuresis
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Novelty Seeking
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:P300 amplitudes
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:P300 event-related potentials
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:P300 event-related potentials
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:P300 event-related potentials
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; sleep disorders
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; sleep disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; sleep disorders
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications|Tic disorder|Tic Disorders
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Retinoblastoma
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic status
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Socioeconomic status
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:Tic disorder|Tic Disorders
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:academic achievement personality traits
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:adaptability trait
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:aggressive behavior oppositional disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse smoking behavior
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse smoking behavior
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse smoking behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse smoking behavior
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; blood pressure, arterial
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol craving cue-reactivity
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol craving cue-reactivity
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa perfectionism
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa perfectionism
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial behavior conduct disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial behavior conduct disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial personality disorder attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial personality disorder attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial personality disorder attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial personality disorder attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:attachment disorganization
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder externalizing behavior IQ
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder methyphenidate side-effects
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder methyphenidate side-effects
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:attention problems
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:behavior problems
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:behavior problems
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:behavior problems
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; affective psychoses
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; affective psychoses
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; depression
tspo	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; depression
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; depression
ace	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; depression
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; depression
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; depression
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; depression
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:child behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:child behavior
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; personality trait
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:clozapine, response to
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:clozapine, response to
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:clozapine, response to
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:continuous performance task
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:continuous performance task
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:continuous performance task
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:continuous performance task
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:continuous performance task
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:continuous performance task
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:continuous performance task
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:craving
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:disorganized attachment
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:disorganized attachment behavior
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:dopaminergic activity
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:drug abuse
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:externalizing behavior 
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:externalizing behavior 
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:financial risk taking
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:financial risk taking
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:hyperkinetic conduct disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:hyperkinetic disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:hyperkinetic disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:impulse control disorder
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:impulse control disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:impulse control disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:impulse control disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:impulse control disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:impulse control disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:infant disorganization
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:major psychoses
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence; cotinine
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence; cotinine
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence; cotinine
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:novelty seeking
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; affective disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:pathological gambling
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:pathological gambling
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:personality trait of spritual acceptance
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:personality trait, QNovelty SeekingQ
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:risperidone and perospirone
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:risperidone and perospirone
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:risperidone and perospirone
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia with aggressive behavior
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder; affective disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder; affective disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder; affective disorder
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder; psychoses
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder; psychoses
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder; psychoses
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder; delusional disorder; psychosis
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; personality traits
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:sexual behavior
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:sexual behavior
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:side-effects of clozapine
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior weight gain
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:smoking cues
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:social behavior
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:suicide attempt
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:temperament in 3-year-old infants
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:temperament in early childhood
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:temperament traits
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:temperament traits
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:temperament traits
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:temperament traits
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:tic disorder, chronic
LOC100693279	GAD_DISEASE:toddlers externalizing behavior
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amnesia
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amnesia
LOC100698823	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amnesia
casp7	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amnesia
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amnesia
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amnesia
bace1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amnesia
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amnesia
bcl2l1	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amnesia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amnesia
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical dystonia
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:Focal dystonia
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; bipolar disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; bipolar disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; bipolar disorder
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:blepharospasm
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:conduct disorder; oppositional defiant disorder; antisocial personality disorder
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, cervical
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, focal
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:hallucinations
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:hallucinations
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:hallucinations
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence; smoking initiation
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence; smoking initiation
drd5	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder; migraine
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder; migraine
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder; migraine
dnai1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthenozoospermia|Kartagener Syndrome
dnah5	GAD_DISEASE:Asthenozoospermia|Kartagener Syndrome
dnai1	GAD_DISEASE:Ciliary Dyskinesias|Ciliary Motility Disorders
dag1	GAD_DISEASE:bronchopulmonary dysplasia
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:bronchopulmonary dysplasia
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:bronchopulmonary dysplasia
drp2	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome C-reactive protein
egr1	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial
egr1	GAD_DISEASE:lipid variables
eda	GAD_DISEASE:Odontogenesis
LOC100710052	GAD_DISEASE:Odontogenesis
LOC100711670	GAD_DISEASE:Odontogenesis
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:Odontogenesis
msrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Odontogenesis
eda	GAD_DISEASE:primary tooth development 
LOC100710052	GAD_DISEASE:primary tooth development 
LOC109194507	GAD_DISEASE:primary tooth development 
LOC100711670	GAD_DISEASE:primary tooth development 
rad51	GAD_DISEASE:primary tooth development 
msrb3	GAD_DISEASE:primary tooth development 
elac2	GAD_DISEASE:familial or sporadic prostate cancer.
etfdh	GAD_DISEASE:Disorder of muscle, unspec|Lipidoses|Lipoidosis|Multiple Acyl Coenzyme A Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Muscular Diseases
abhd5	GAD_DISEASE:Disorder of muscle, unspec|Lipidoses|Lipoidosis|Multiple Acyl Coenzyme A Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Muscular Diseases
LOC100690902	GAD_DISEASE:Disorder of muscle, unspec|Lipidoses|Lipoidosis|Multiple Acyl Coenzyme A Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Muscular Diseases
cpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Disorder of muscle, unspec|Lipidoses|Lipoidosis|Multiple Acyl Coenzyme A Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Muscular Diseases
etfdh	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders|Muscular Diseases
etfa	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders|Muscular Diseases
etfb	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders|Muscular Diseases
LOC100690902	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism Disorders|Muscular Diseases
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial asthma (childhood & adult)
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial asthma (childhood only)
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Megacolon|Hirschsprung Disease|Urea Cycle Disorders, Inborn
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Megacolon|Hirschsprung Disease|Urea Cycle Disorders, Inborn
svep1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Megacolon|Hirschsprung Disease|Urea Cycle Disorders, Inborn
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, Inborn
LOC100697794	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, Inborn
blm	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, Inborn
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, Inborn
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, Inborn
aspa	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, Inborn
smpd1	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, Inborn
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, Inborn
elp1	GAD_DISEASE:familial dysautonomia
LOC102082978	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Megacolon|Hirschsprung Disease
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Megacolon|Hirschsprung Disease
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Megacolon|Hirschsprung Disease
nkx2-1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Megacolon|Hirschsprung Disease
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness blood pressure, arterial
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness blood pressure, arterial
ece2	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness blood pressure, arterial
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:arterial stiffness blood pressure, arterial
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; heart rate; orthostatic intolerance
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic kidney disease
pkd1	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic kidney disease
pkd2	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic kidney disease
add1	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic kidney disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic kidney disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic kidney disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic kidney disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic kidney disease
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic kidney disease
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic kidney disease
ece1	GAD_DISEASE:ventricular arrhythmia, malignant
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Urogenital Abnormalities
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Urogenital Abnormalities
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Urogenital Abnormalities
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
LOC100694151	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
LOC100702145	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
casz1	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
LOC100694690	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
LOC100704256	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine with Aura
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope, Vasovagal
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:aortic pressure cardiomyopathy
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:baroflex sensitivity
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy, idiopathic dilated
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy, idiopathic dilated
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy, idiopathic dilated
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, normal tension
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, normal tension
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, normal tension
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:headache migraine migraine with aura
ednra	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, lacunar; small-vessel disease
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, lacunar; small-vessel disease
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, lacunar; small-vessel disease
LOC100703532	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Craniosynostoses|Craniosynostosis|Genetic Diseases, Inborn
LOC100706789	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Craniosynostoses|Craniosynostosis|Genetic Diseases, Inborn
LOC100696266	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Craniosynostoses|Craniosynostosis|Genetic Diseases, Inborn
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Craniosynostoses|Craniosynostosis|Genetic Diseases, Inborn
LOC100711032	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic|Neovascularization, Pathologic
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100709409	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100701446	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
ddr1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100690393	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100698871	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100702360	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
ireb2	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100710516	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100694900	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100702684	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100702543	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100691607	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC106098181	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100698853	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100698478	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100704168	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
znrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
steap3	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
clic1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
gtf2h4	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
hsd17b8	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
slc39a4	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100698426	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
tcf19	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Barrett Esophagus|Esophageal Neoplasms|Gastroesophageal Reflux|Precancerous Conditions
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Gastroesophageal Reflux
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neovascularization, Pathologic|Oesophageal neoplasm
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|meningioma|Nervous System Neoplasms|Neurilemmoma
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic|Liver Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic|Liver Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic|Liver Neoplasms
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver neoplasms
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
LOC100712209	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
LOC100698817	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
LOC100709606	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
xxylt1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
eif4e2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Rectal Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Rectal Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Rectal Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Rectal Neoplasms
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Rectal Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Rectal Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Rectal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Rectal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Rectal Neoplasms
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Rectal Neoplasms
egf	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
egf	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight
tpk1	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight
egf	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
alad	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
prkdc	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
bicra	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
rad54l	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
tert	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:brain cancer
egf	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer uterine cancer
egf	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous malignant melanoma.
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous malignant melanoma.
egf	GAD_DISEASE:glioblastoma multiforme
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:glioblastoma multiforme
egf	GAD_DISEASE:hair morphology
fras1	GAD_DISEASE:hair morphology
wnt10a	GAD_DISEASE:hair morphology
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:hair morphology
egf	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate; arrhythmia, cardiac
egf	GAD_DISEASE:malignant melanoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:malignant melanoma
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:malignant melanoma
egf	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100693700	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
dpp6	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
egf	GAD_DISEASE:psoriatic arthritis
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:psoriatic arthritis
cchcr1	GAD_DISEASE:psoriatic arthritis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:psoriatic arthritis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:psoriatic arthritis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:psoriatic arthritis
egf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; lung cancer
LOC100706201	GAD_DISEASE:Familial erythrocytosis
LOC100706201	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Phenotypes
esrrg	GAD_DISEASE:Eye
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Eye
dennd2a	GAD_DISEASE:Eye
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:Eye
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Eye
pex14	GAD_DISEASE:Eye
scfd2	GAD_DISEASE:Eye
etnk2	GAD_DISEASE:Acetaminophen
lg16h3orf38	GAD_DISEASE:Acetaminophen
etnk2	GAD_DISEASE:t-PA and PAI-1 levels
ace	GAD_DISEASE:t-PA and PAI-1 levels
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:t-PA and PAI-1 levels
agt	GAD_DISEASE:t-PA and PAI-1 levels
plat	GAD_DISEASE:t-PA and PAI-1 levels
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:t-PA and PAI-1 levels
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:t-PA and PAI-1 levels
eif2b1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases|Multiple Sclerosis
eif2b2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases|Multiple Sclerosis
eif2b4	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases|Multiple Sclerosis
eif2b5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases|Multiple Sclerosis
eif2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases|Multiple Sclerosis
eif6	GAD_DISEASE:Melanosis
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Melanosis
tpcn2	GAD_DISEASE:Melanosis
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Melanosis
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Melanosis
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperglycemia
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperglycemia
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperglycemia
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperglycemia
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperglycemia
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperglycemia
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperglycemia
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperglycemia
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:Hereditary multiple exostoses
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary multiple exostoses
ext2	GAD_DISEASE:osteochondromas
LOC100705583	GAD_DISEASE:osteochondromas
fam13a	GAD_DISEASE:Cornea
brinp1	GAD_DISEASE:Cornea
banp	GAD_DISEASE:Cornea
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Cornea
cog6	GAD_DISEASE:Cornea
dcbld2	GAD_DISEASE:Cornea
mrps30	GAD_DISEASE:Cornea
LOC100695939	GAD_DISEASE:Autosomal dominant macular degeneration
LOC100695939	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Degeneration|Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100695939	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa; macular dystrophy
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity|Weight Loss
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity|Weight Loss
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertriglyceridemia|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Insulin Resistance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Insulin Resistance
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hearing Disorders|Hearing problem
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Insulin Resistance
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Insulin Resistance
dgat2	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Insulin Resistance
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Insulin Resistance
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Insulin Resistance
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Insulin Resistance
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Diseases|Metabolic Syndrome X
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Diseases|Metabolic Syndrome X
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Diseases|Metabolic Syndrome X
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid|Weight Loss
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid|Weight Loss
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid|Weight Loss
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:anthropometic parameters triglycerides
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial obesity
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:body fat
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:body fat
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:body fat
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:body fat
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass cardiovascular risk index cholesterol glycemia hypertension
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass cholesterol cholesterol, HDL diabetes, type 2 leptin
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass diabetes, type 2
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:body mass diabetes, type 2
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:body mass diabetes, type 2
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:body mass diabetes, type 2
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass fatty acid glucose tolerance lipoprotein
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2; insulin; glucose; HbA(1c)
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; insulin
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; insulin
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; insulin
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL hyperlipidemia lipoprotein triglycerides
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, VLDL
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; adiposity
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; apoA-IV; apoE; triacylglycerols
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; apoA-IV; apoE; triacylglycerols
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; apoA-IV; apoE; triacylglycerols
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; apoA-IV; apoE; triacylglycerols
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; apoA-IV; apoE; triacylglycerols
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triglycerides; cirrhosis, alcoholic; lipids
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triglycerides; diabetes, type 2; obesity
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease in nondiabetic subjects
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 metabolic syndrome
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 metabolic syndrome
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 metabolic syndrome
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertriglyceridemic waist
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertriglyceridemic waist
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertriglyceridemic waist
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertriglyceridemic waist
agt	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertriglyceridemic waist
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:dyslipidemia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:dyslipidemia
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:dyslipidemias
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:father-child incompatibility of Gc
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance insulin lipemia lipid oxidation
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance insulin obesity
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance triglycerides
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:glucose; insulin resistance
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:hyperinsulinemia; fat oxidation; intestinal fatty acid absorption
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertriglyceridemia metabolic syndrome
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:increased fat oxidation and hyperinsulinemia
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:increased fatty acid binding increased fat oxidation and insulin resistance
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
ace	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
LOC100699299	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
hyou1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
slc27a4	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
th	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
gck	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance and intra-abdominal fat thickness
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin sensitivity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:insulin sensitivity
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:insulin sensitivity
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; obesity
ins	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; obesity
th	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; obesity
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; obesity
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism disorders; metabolic syndrome
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; glucose; C-peptide
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic; proteinuria
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; dyslipidemia
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipoproteins
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipoproteins
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipoproteins
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:topiramate pharmacokinetics valproate pharmcokinetics
fabp2	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; diabetes, type 2
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic|Aortic Rupture
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic|Aortic Rupture
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic|Aortic Rupture
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Ectopia Lentis|Marfan Syndrome
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Dilatation, Pathologic|Tetralogy of Fallot
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Ectopia Lentis|Marfan Syndrome
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
mfap2	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100696337	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
clu	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Dislocation, Congenital
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Dislocation, Congenital
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Dislocation, Congenital
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Marfan Syndrome
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Marfan Syndrome
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Marfan Syndrome
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Marfan phenotype
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Marfan syndrome
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Mitral Valve Prolapse
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Mitral Valve Prolapse
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
zc3h10	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
LOC100703704	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
tnpo3	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysm, aortic
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysm, aortic
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:aortic stenosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:aortic stenosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:aortic stenosis
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:aortic stenosis
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:aortic stiffness and disease severity
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease; aortic stiffness
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:mitral valve prolapse
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:mitral valve prolapse
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:mitral valve prolapse
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:mitral valve prolapse
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:mitral valve prolapse.
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:scleroderma
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:scleroderma
fbn1	GAD_DISEASE:systemic sclerosis
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:systemic sclerosis
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:systemic sclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:systemic sclerosis
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:systemic sclerosis
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:systemic sclerosis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:systemic sclerosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:systemic sclerosis
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:systemic sclerosis
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Aalpha and gamma fibrinogen plasma levels
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100706212	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Coronary Artery Disease
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100695295	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Coronary Artery Disease
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis|Thrombosis
f3	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis|Thrombosis
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis|Thrombosis
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis|Thrombosis
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis|Thrombosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis|Thrombosis
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Carotid Artery Diseases|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Carotid Artery Diseases|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Stroke
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Vascular Diseases
f3	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Vascular Diseases
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Vascular Diseases
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Vascular Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Vascular Diseases
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Vascular Diseases
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Vascular Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Vascular Diseases
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Vascular Diseases
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Stroke
ddah2	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Stroke
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100707153	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
b3gnt3	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100694883	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
map3k5	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100694194	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Ischemia|Stroke
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Ischemia|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Ischemia|Stroke
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary atherosclerosis, generalized
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen
nat9	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen
pccb	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen Il-6 myocardial infarct
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen heart disease, ischemic tissue plasminogen activator level
plat	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen heart disease, ischemic tissue plasminogen activator level
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen heart disease, ischemic tissue plasminogen activator level
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen heart disease, ischemic tissue plasminogen activator level
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen myocardial infarct
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen myocardial infarct
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; thromboembolism, venous; thrombosis, deep vein
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; thromboembolism, venous; thrombosis, deep vein
fgg	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
plat	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
proc	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein
LOC100704516	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic cleft lip
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic cleft lip
fgf10	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic cleft lip
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic cleft lip
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
epo	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Retinopathy|Neovascularization, Pathologic
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Diseases
fgf2	GAD_DISEASE:ataxia (SCA)
polg	GAD_DISEASE:ataxia (SCA)
fgf14	GAD_DISEASE:ataxia (SCA)
flnb	GAD_DISEASE:SjogrenQs syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:SjogrenQs syndrome
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:SjogrenQs syndrome
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:SjogrenQs syndrome
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:SjogrenQs syndrome
flt4	GAD_DISEASE:Chylothorax
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:Chylothorax
itga9	GAD_DISEASE:Chylothorax
flt4	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphangiectasis|Lymphedema
flt4	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
foxf1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
lyve1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
LOC102082791	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
syk	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
vegfd	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
LOC100700925	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
sox17	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
LOC100698817	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
LOC100708867	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
LOC100695821	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
prox1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
LOC100700524	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
tec	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphedema
fstl5	GAD_DISEASE:Hair
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:Hair
LOC100702377	GAD_DISEASE:Hair
ddx1	GAD_DISEASE:Hair
fras1	GAD_DISEASE:Hair
wnt10a	GAD_DISEASE:Hair
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Hair
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Hair
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Palate
mrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Palate
rasgrf2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Palate
sh3bp4	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Palate
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Palate
txndc16	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Palate
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Palate|Syndrome
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities|Hypothyroidism|Thyroid Dysgenesis
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Hypothyroidism|Thyroid Dysgenesis
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100697873	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
brms1l	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
nkx2-1	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
spag17	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Neoplasms
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:hypothyroidism
LOC100534562	GAD_DISEASE:hypothyroidism
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:hypothyroidism
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:hypothyroidism
tpo	GAD_DISEASE:hypothyroidism
foxe1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid dysgenesis
foxp1	GAD_DISEASE:Apraxias
fhl1	GAD_DISEASE:glucose insulin
arhgef12	GAD_DISEASE:glucose insulin
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:glucose insulin
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:glucose insulin
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Ataxia Telangiectasia|Fragile X Syndrome|Tremor
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Ataxia|Fragile X Syndrome|Fragile X Syndromes
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Ataxia|Fragile X Syndrome|Huntington Disease|Tremor
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Fragile X Syndrome|Fragile X Syndromes
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Fragile X Syndrome|Fragile X Syndromes|Movement Disorders
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Fragile X Syndrome|Mental Retardation|Spinocerebellar Degenerations|Tremor
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Fragile X Syndrome|Ovarian Failure, Premature
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Fragile X Syndrome|Tremor
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female|Ovarian Failure, Premature
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female|POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Diseases
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Diseases
LOC100708030	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Diseases
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:ataxia
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function hallucinations ParkinsonQs disease
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:essential tremor
LOC100703008	GAD_DISEASE:essential tremor
alad	GAD_DISEASE:essential tremor
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:essential tremor
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:essential tremor
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:essential tremor
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:essential tremor
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:essential tremor
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:fragile X associated tremor/ataxia syndrome
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:fragile X syndrome
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:fragile X trinucleotide repeat 
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:fragile X-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:global DNA methylation defect
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:longevity osteoporosis ovarian insufficiency
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:mental disorder
arx	GAD_DISEASE:mental disorder
th	GAD_DISEASE:mental disorder
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:mental disorder
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation
med12	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation
ophn1	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation
rab3a	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation
fkrp	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation
ada	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation
LOC100704248	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple system atophy
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian dysfunction
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure
gdf9	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure
nanos3	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure
pof1b	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure
galt	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure
foxl2	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure
LOC100708030	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure
inha	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure
fmr1	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure; menopause, early
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Anticonvulsants
LOC100709964	GAD_DISEASE:Anticonvulsants
cpa6	GAD_DISEASE:Anticonvulsants
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:Anticonvulsants
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Anticonvulsants
LOC100700465	GAD_DISEASE:Anticonvulsants
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:Anticonvulsants
LOC100700140	GAD_DISEASE:Anticonvulsants
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas Disease|Esophageal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas Disease|Esophageal Neoplasms
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip
ankfn1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip
bmp6	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip
LOC100706019	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip
klhl26	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip
shtn1	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip
ndfip2	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphatic Metastasis|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:betel-associated oral carcinoma
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer patients
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer and preneoplastic bronchial lesions
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:transcriptional inactivation of the FHIT gene
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:tumor progression and patient survival
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:tumour kinetics and chromosomal instability
fhit	GAD_DISEASE:tumour progression and prognosis
LOC100702483	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine psychosis
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine psychosis
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine psychosis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine psychosis
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine psychosis
LOC100702483	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar disorder; depression
gla	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Fabry Disease|Stroke
gla	GAD_DISEASE:Fabry Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Fabry Disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Fabry Disease
gla	GAD_DISEASE:Fabry disease
gla	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular wall thickness
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular wall thickness
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular wall thickness
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular wall thickness
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100695382	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary myocardial infarct
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary myocardial infarct
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary myocardial infarct
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary myocardial infarct
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary myocardial infarct
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol withdrawal alcoholism
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol withdrawal alcoholism
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol withdrawal alcoholism
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol-dependence
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol-dependence
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol-dependence
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar schizoaffective disorder
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar schizoaffective disorder
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar schizoaffective disorder
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar schizoaffective disorder
LOC100693476	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar schizoaffective disorder
LOC100700957	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar schizoaffective disorder
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar schizoaffective disorder
LOC100534513	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar schizoaffective disorder
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic; alcoholism
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic; alcoholism
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic; alcoholism
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic; alcoholism
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic; alcoholism
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic; alcoholism
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic; alcoholism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic; alcoholism
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:event-related prefrontal activity
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:event-related prefrontal activity
gabrb2	GAD_DISEASE:prefrontal activity
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:prefrontal activity
LOC102079731	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease
LOC100701746	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease
mfn2	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease
mpz	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease
LOC102079731	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease|Genetic Diseases, X-Linked
LOC102079731	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
LOC100701746	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
prph	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
LOC100690212	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
hspb1	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
mtmr2	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
LOC100705366	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
kif1b	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
mpz	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
LOC102079731	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Noise-Induced
LOC100704048	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Noise-Induced
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Noise-Induced
LOC100694690	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Noise-Induced
LOC102079731	GAD_DISEASE:X-linked Charcot-Marie tooth disease
LOC102079731	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy, Charcot-Marie-Tooth
LOC100701746	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy, Charcot-Marie-Tooth
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy, Charcot-Marie-Tooth
mpz	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy, Charcot-Marie-Tooth
gtf2e2	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
ids	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
afap1l2	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
LOC100692199	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
LOC100692427	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
LOC100693428	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
LOC100701993	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
pknox1	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
tal2	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
tbc1d32	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
grik4	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
atl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
cdkl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
fam135b	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
nin	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive performance 
gcgr	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; adiposity
gcgr	GAD_DISEASE:central adiposity
gcgr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; renal sodium handling
gcgr	GAD_DISEASE:non-Type 1 diabetes mellitus
gck	GAD_DISEASE:non-Type 1 diabetes mellitus
gne	GAD_DISEASE:Distal Myopathies|Myositis, Inclusion Body
LOC100704840	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary nonspherocytic hemolytic anemia (HNSHA).
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Anthropometric traits
sez6l2	GAD_DISEASE:Anthropometric traits
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Anthropometric traits
LOC100708975	GAD_DISEASE:Anthropometric traits
LOC100704430	GAD_DISEASE:Anthropometric traits
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Citalopram/adverse effects*
LOC100697557	GAD_DISEASE:Citalopram/adverse effects*
LOC100691717	GAD_DISEASE:Citalopram/adverse effects*
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Citalopram/adverse effects*
gria1	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Hypersensitivity|Precursor T-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
gria2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
pam	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
LOC100697944	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
rnf150	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
LOC100697078	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
LOC100702345	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
decr1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
LOC100694611	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
stambpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
bpgm	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
stk10	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
clpb	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
fam84a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
LOC100708655	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
ptpn14	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
LOC100701131	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
LOC100709447	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Cells
grin2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; d-serine
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; d-serine
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; alcohol withdrawal
grin2b	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism-related traits
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism-related traits
LOC100700221	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Absence|Epilepsy, Generalized|Epilepsy, Reflex|Myoclonic Epilepsy, Juvenile
qser1	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease (age of onset)
prrg4	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease (age of onset)
LOC100694501	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease (age of onset)
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease (age of onset)
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease (age of onset)
LOC100692652	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Kidney Insufficiency|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Kidney Insufficiency|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Kidney Insufficiency|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Kidney Insufficiency|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Kidney Insufficiency|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
glrx	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
LOC100702599	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
rasa1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
riok2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
LOC100710174	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
erap2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
lnpep	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
nr2f1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
sema6a	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
LOC100704678	GAD_DISEASE:free glutarate excretion
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders|Recurrence
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders|Recurrence
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting|Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic|Hypertension
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting|Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting|Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic|Hypertension
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting|Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic|Hypertension
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|melanoma|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma|Sunburn
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Delayed Graft Function|Kidney Diseases
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury
LOC100692975	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Substance-Related Disorders
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth Neoplasms|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Poisoning
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Poisoning
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:Pseudoxanthoma Elasticum
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Pseudoxanthoma Elasticum
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:aging and longevity
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:aging and longevity
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized; vascular disease
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:catalase activity
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:catalase activity
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
rdh5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
itga1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
gys2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
LOC100711165	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic neuropathy
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic neuropathy
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic neuropathy
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:dyskinesias
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:dyskinesias
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100534483	GAD_DISEASE:stroke; oxidative stress
LOC100690287	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
mif	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
adamts13	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
kl	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
LOC100705611	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
itga4	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
plat	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic
gsr	GAD_DISEASE:sickle cell and thalassaemia genes
gatm	GAD_DISEASE:renal function and chronic kidney disease
LOC100690525	GAD_DISEASE:renal function and chronic kidney disease
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:renal function and chronic kidney disease
LOC100690411	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy, idiopathic generalized
glrb	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy, idiopathic generalized
me2	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy, idiopathic generalized
glrb	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
pou3f1	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
wdr70	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
LOC100697498	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
tmem117	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
emc7	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
ikzf2	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
ahcyl2	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
chrm5	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
tenm4	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
napg	GAD_DISEASE:Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Edema rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hyperglycemia; uric acid
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; insulin
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; insulin
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; insulin
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; insulin
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; insulin
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; insulin
gys1	GAD_DISEASE:glycogen synthase protein in muscle
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Uremia
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Uremia
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic|Vascular Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic|Vascular Diseases
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
plxdc2	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
osbpl10	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Diseases
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; tuberculosis
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; tuberculosis
esd	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; tuberculosis
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; tuberculosis
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic
esd	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic
LOC100703342	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic
glo1	GAD_DISEASE:pro-thrombotic factors
LOC100707614	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperoxaluria, Primary
LOC100707614	GAD_DISEASE:hyperoxaluias
LOC100707770	GAD_DISEASE:hyperoxaluias
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
stx8	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
lyrm4	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
ccny	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
faf1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Rectal Fistula
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Heart Diseases|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC100709042	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Heart Diseases|Sudden Cardiac Death
znf592	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Heart Diseases|Sudden Cardiac Death
lin9	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Heart Diseases|Sudden Cardiac Death
csmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Heart Diseases|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC100707183	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Heart Diseases|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Docosahexaenoic Acids
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein-1
hibch	GAD_DISEASE:Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein-1
lmo3	GAD_DISEASE:Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein-1
plxna4	GAD_DISEASE:Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein-1
xirp2	GAD_DISEASE:Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein-1
cadm3	GAD_DISEASE:Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein-1
ttc29	GAD_DISEASE:Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein-1
LOC100710764	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting|Recurrence
LOC100710496	GAD_DISEASE:Neurotic Disorders
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Neurotic Disorders
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Neurotic Disorders
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Neurotic Disorders
gosr2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
lrig1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
srsf3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
tbx20	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
hand1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
rnf19a	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
vti1a	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
heatr5b	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
setbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
LOC100712579	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
LOC100709511	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
LOC100704430	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
nfia	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Function Tests
gas6	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Stroke
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Stroke
gas6	GAD_DISEASE:sticky platelet syndrome
gas6	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, atherothrombotic
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, atherothrombotic
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Osteoarthritis|Osteoarthritis, Knee
gdf5	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis|Osteoarthritis, Hip|Osteoarthritis, Knee
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoarthritis|Osteoarthritis, Hip|Osteoarthritis, Knee
gdf9	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
gdf9	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure; primary amenorrhea; secondary amenorrhea
ghrh	GAD_DISEASE:Edema   rosiglitazone or pioglitazone
ghrh	GAD_DISEASE:Menarch|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Menarch|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious
nkx2-1	GAD_DISEASE:Menarch|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Menarch|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious
hspa4	GAD_DISEASE:carotid plaque
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
LOC100708734	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
anapc13	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
dhh	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
cep63	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
spag17	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Growth Disorders
hhip	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function measures
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Airway Remodeling
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Dyslipidemias|Stroke
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Black carbon exposure
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein; fibrinogen; coronary artery bypass graft
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Diabetic Angiopathies|Hypertension
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Critical Illness
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Delayed Graft Function|Inflammation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Delayed Graft Function|Inflammation
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Delayed Graft Function|Inflammation
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Delayed Graft Function|Inflammation
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Polycystic Kidney Diseases
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Cerebral|Malaria, Falciparum
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Cerebral|Malaria, Falciparum
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum|Malaria, Vivax
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Restenosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Restenosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Restenosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Restenosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Restenosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Restenosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Restenosis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Restenosis
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:SARS-coronavirus
fgl2	GAD_DISEASE:SARS-coronavirus
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism
serpina10	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysm, abdominal aortic
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysm, abdominal aortic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysm, abdominal aortic
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:arteriovenous fistulas
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:bilirubin
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:bilirubin
blvra	GAD_DISEASE:bilirubin
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery damage coronary artery bypass graft mortality, all cause myocardial infarct percutaneous coronary interventions stroke, hemorrhagic
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:chronic toxic encephalopathy
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:emphysema
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:emphysema
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:emphysema
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:fetal hemoglobin
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:heart transplant complications
il10	GAD_DISEASE:heart transplant complications
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:heart transplant complications
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:heart transplant complications
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic recurrent miscarriage.
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
hprt1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
il10	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
LOC100701740	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
mst1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
kras	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
psmg1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
mocos	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
LOC100696294	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
aox1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
LOC100706083	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
p53	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease 
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory response
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:kawasaki disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:kawasaki disease
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:kawasaki disease
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:long QT syndrome
adgrd1	GAD_DISEASE:long QT syndrome
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:long QT syndrome
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:long QT syndrome
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:long QT syndrome
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:lung function
il10	GAD_DISEASE:lung function
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:lung function
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:lung function
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:lung function
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:lung function
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:lung function
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:lymphovascular tumor invasion stomach cancer
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:malaria, cerebral
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:malaria, cerebral
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:malaria, cerebral
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:pneumonia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:pneumonia
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:pneumonia
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:pneumonia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:pneumonia
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis after percutaneous transluminal angioplasty
LOC100710567	GAD_DISEASE:subarachnoid hemorrhage
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:subarachnoid hemorrhage
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:subarachnoid hemorrhage
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:subarachnoid hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:subarachnoid hemorrhage
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:subarachnoid hemorrhage
LOC100692094	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
slc12a1	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
trmo	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
fkbp4	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
mgat1	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
casr	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
LOC100702486	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
itga8	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
ube3c	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
fkbp1b	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
arhgap15	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
ubxn2a	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
bloc1s3	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
LOC100701131	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative traits
LOC100704059	GAD_DISEASE:Beta thalassemia/hemoglobin E disease
LOC100704125	GAD_DISEASE:Beta thalassemia/hemoglobin E disease
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Beta thalassemia/hemoglobin E disease
myb	GAD_DISEASE:Beta thalassemia/hemoglobin E disease
LOC100704059	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Sedimentation
rsrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Sedimentation
maco1	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Sedimentation
tmem50a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Sedimentation
LOC100704059	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Hemoglobin
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Hemoglobin
LOC100704059	GAD_DISEASE:thalassemia
LOC100704059	GAD_DISEASE:thalassemia; thalassemia, beta
h6pd	GAD_DISEASE:androgen, adrenal blood pressure, arterial body mass dementia glucose
h6pd	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; insulin; polycystic ovary syndrome; hormone disturbance; sex hormones
hrh1	GAD_DISEASE:urticaria/angioedema
LOC100700659	GAD_DISEASE:urticaria/angioedema
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:urticaria/angioedema
hdc	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity|Rhinitis
hdac3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver carcinoma|Recurrence
hdac2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver carcinoma|Recurrence
LOC100691799	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver carcinoma|Recurrence
hdac5	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant response
LOC100699231	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant response
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant response
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant response
homer2	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence
homer1	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence
pawr	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence
htt	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Huntington Disease
htt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive chorea|
htt	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington Disease
LOC100697168	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington Disease
uchl1	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington Disease
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington Disease
LOC100704269	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington Disease
pex7	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington Disease
LOC100691799	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington Disease
htt	GAD_DISEASE:HuntingtonQs disease; ataxia (SCA)
htt	GAD_DISEASE:Huntingtons disease
uchl1	GAD_DISEASE:Huntingtons disease
htt	GAD_DISEASE:myotonic dystrophy type 1
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:myotonic dystrophy type 1
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:myotonic dystrophy type 1
htt	GAD_DISEASE:psychiatric disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:psychiatric disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:psychiatric disorders
htt	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders; Tourette syndrome
hcrtr2	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders; Tourette syndrome
hsd11b2	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic; diabetes, type 1
hsd11b2	GAD_DISEASE:salt sensitivity
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:androgens endometrial cancer estrogens progesterone
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:androgens endometrial cancer estrogens progesterone
hsd17b1	GAD_DISEASE:estramustine phospate side-effects
LOC100703825	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  | breast cancer   
LOC100702982	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  | breast cancer   
LOC100698819	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer  | breast cancer   
hcrt	GAD_DISEASE:polydipsia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:polydipsia
hcrtr2	GAD_DISEASE:polydipsia
hprt1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Leukopenia
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Leukopenia
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Leukopenia
hprt1	GAD_DISEASE:Lesch-Nyhan syndrome
hprt1	GAD_DISEASE:lead toxicity
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:lead toxicity
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:lead toxicity
alad	GAD_DISEASE:lead toxicity
LOC100698730	GAD_DISEASE:lead toxicity
ipo9	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
rpn2	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
cdk8	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
hlcs	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
ipmk	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
mal2	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
LOC100697171	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
stxbp4	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
rufy3	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
chrm5	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
grip1	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
msrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
dthd1	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
scfd1	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampus
LOC100710422	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal|Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
LOC100705058	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal|Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
inha	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal|Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal|Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
ikbke	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder and panic disorder
il10	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder and panic disorder
LOC100692694	GAD_DISEASE:platelet signaling
vav3	GAD_DISEASE:platelet signaling
inpp1	GAD_DISEASE:Manic-depressive illness
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Manic-depressive illness
inpp1	GAD_DISEASE:post-traumatic stress disorder suicide
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:post-traumatic stress disorder suicide
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Barrett Esophagus|Esophageal Neoplasms|Gastroesophageal Reflux|Obesity
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Esophagitis|Metaplasia|Oesophageal neoplasm
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Esophagitis|Metaplasia|Oesophageal neoplasm
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Esophagitis|Metaplasia|Oesophageal neoplasm
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Esophagitis|Metaplasia|Oesophageal neoplasm
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
igfbp5	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms|Hyperplasia
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms|Hyperplasia
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms|Hyperplasia
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease dementia
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Retinopathy of Prematurity
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Retinopathy of Prematurity
fzd4	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Retinopathy of Prematurity
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Intolerance|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Diseases|Multiple Myeloma
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Diseases|Multiple Myeloma
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Diseases|Multiple Myeloma
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis|Stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis|Stroke
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Diseases
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Diseases
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Diseases
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Diseases
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Diseases
col9a3	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Diseases
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Diseases
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Diseases
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma
met	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:human longevity
LOC100699299	GAD_DISEASE:human longevity
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:human longevity
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth restriction
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth restriction
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth restriction
pigf	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth restriction
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth restriction
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass in male athletes
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass in male athletes
mstn	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass in male athletes
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:male longevity 
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:premature pubarche
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:premature pubarche
LOC100707581	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy of prematurity
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy of prematurity
ndp	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy of prematurity
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy of prematurity
igfbp7	GAD_DISEASE:breast carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:breast carcinoma
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:Growth Disorders
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Growth Disorders
LOC100705439	GAD_DISEASE:Growth Disorders
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Growth Disorders
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Growth Disorders
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Growth Disorders
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Growth Disorders
igfals	GAD_DISEASE:Growth Disorders|Puberty, Delayed
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Embryo Loss|Infertility, Female
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Thrombophilia
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Thrombophilia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Dyslipidemias|Hypertension
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Myocardial Infarction|Recurrence
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Myocardial Infarction|Recurrence
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Sickle cell anemia|Vascular Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Sickle cell anemia|Vascular Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Sickle cell anemia|Vascular Diseases
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Sickle cell anemia|Vascular Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Sickle cell anemia|Vascular Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Sickle cell anemia|Vascular Diseases
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Sickle cell anemia|Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Sickle cell anemia|Vascular Diseases
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Sickle cell anemia|Vascular Diseases
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Intracranial Aneurysm|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Intracranial Aneurysm|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Intracranial Aneurysm|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Intracranial Aneurysm|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Intracranial Aneurysm|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Intracranial Aneurysm|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Intracranial Aneurysm|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Angina pectoris|Myocardial Infarction
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Angina pectoris|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Arteriosclerosis|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Thrombosis
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Arteriosclerosis|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Thrombosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Cerebrovascular Accident|Stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Recurrence|Stroke
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Recurrence|Stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Optic Neuropathy, Ischemic|Thrombophilia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Optic Neuropathy, Ischemic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Optic Neuropathy, Ischemic|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Optic Neuropathy, Ischemic|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Optic Neuropathy, Ischemic|Thrombophilia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Retinal Artery Occlusion|Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Retinal Artery Occlusion|Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Retinal Artery Occlusion|Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Retinal Artery Occlusion|Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Retinal Artery Occlusion|Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Coronary Thrombosis|Diabetes Complications|Hypertension|Mitral Valve Stenosis|Thromboembolism
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Coronary Thrombosis|Diabetes Complications|Hypertension|Mitral Valve Stenosis|Thromboembolism
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Platelet Disorders|Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Giant Cell Arteritis|Optic Neuritis|Temporal Arteritis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Thrombosis|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Migraine Disorders|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Thrombosis|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Migraine Disorders|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Thrombosis|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Migraine Disorders|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Thrombosis|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Migraine Disorders|Stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Recurrence|Stroke
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Recurrence|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Recurrence|Stroke
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Recurrence|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Recurrence|Stroke
LOC100710205	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Recurrence|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Recurrence|Stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Cardiovascular Diseases|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Cardiovascular Diseases|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Cardiovascular Diseases|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hearing Loss, Sudden
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hearing Loss, Sudden
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hearing Loss, Sudden
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hearing Loss, Sudden
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Iatrogenic Disease|Peripheral Nervous System Diseases
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Epistaxis|Thrombasthenia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Epistaxis|Thrombasthenia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Epistaxis|Thrombasthenia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Epistaxis|Thrombasthenia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage|Helicobacter Infections|Peptic Ulcer
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Glanzmann thrombasthenia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Graft Occlusion, Vascular|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Thrombosis
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Graft Occlusion, Vascular|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Thrombosis
LOC100710205	GAD_DISEASE:Graft Occlusion, Vascular|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Thrombosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage
LOC100702757	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhagic Fever with Renal Syndrome
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C
ak9	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Stroke
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Stroke
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Thrombosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Thrombosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Increased platelet aggregability
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Intermittent Claudication|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Intermittent Claudication|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Embolism|Migraine Disorders|Thrombophilia
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Embolism|Migraine Disorders|Thrombophilia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Resistance in vitro to low-dose aspirin
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:SLE
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombocytopenia
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombocytopenia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombocytopenia|Thrombosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
ggcx	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:Type 1 Diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome; aspirin resistance
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:antithrombotic effect
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin resistance
ace	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin resistance
f5	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin resistance
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin resistance
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin resistance
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin resistance
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin resistance
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin resistance
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin resistance
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin resistance
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin sensitivity
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin sensitivity
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:aspirin sensitivity
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:asthma IgE wheezing
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; allergy
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2
gck	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2; hypertension; diabetic nephropathy; retinopathy, diabetic; diabetes, type 1
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; fibrinogen
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation stroke, ischemic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation stroke, ischemic
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation stroke, ischemic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation stroke, ischemic
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer ovarian cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer ovarian cancer
topbp1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer ovarian cancer
brip1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer ovarian cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer ovarian cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer ovarian cancer
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:cancer.
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death; cardiac morbidity
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death; cardiac morbidity
agt	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death; cardiac morbidity
f5	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death; cardiac morbidity
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; sickle cell anemia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:clopidogrel resistance
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery bypass graft
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery bypass graft
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery bypass grafting; platelet hyperreactivity
itga1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery bypass grafting; platelet hyperreactivity
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery stent thrombosis
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery stent thrombosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:coronary atherosclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary atherosclerosis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:coronary atherosclerosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:coronary atherosclerosis
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:coronary atherosclerosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary atherosclerosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:coronary syndromes, acute
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:double homozygosity for receptor polymorphisms of platelet GPIa and GPIIIa
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:double homozygosity for receptor polymorphisms of platelet GPIa and GPIIIa
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, early
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen protein C resistance ratio prothrombin thrombosis, deep vein
f5	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen protein C resistance ratio prothrombin thrombosis, deep vein
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen protein C resistance ratio prothrombin thrombosis, deep vein
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen protein C resistance ratio prothrombin thrombosis, deep vein
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen protein C resistance ratio prothrombin thrombosis, deep vein
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen; platelet aggregability
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:fracture risk
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss, sensorineural nonsyndromic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss, sensorineural nonsyndromic
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss, sensorineural nonsyndromic
myo7a	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss, sensorineural nonsyndromic
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss, sensorineural nonsyndromic
col9a3	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss, sensorineural nonsyndromic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss, sensorineural nonsyndromic
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic; peripheral vascular disease
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic; peripheral vascular disease
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:intimal medial thickness
f5	GAD_DISEASE:intimal medial thickness
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:intimal medial thickness
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:intimal medial thickness
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:intimal medial thickness
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoproliferative disorders
f5	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoproliferative disorders
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoproliferative disorders
p53	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoproliferative disorders
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoproliferative disorders; blood transfusion complications
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism disorders
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism disorders
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism disorders
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism disorders
gbe1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism disorders
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism disorders
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism disorders
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism disorders
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism disorders
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism disorders; myocardial infarction; stroke, ischemic
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism disorders; myocardial infarction; stroke, ischemic
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; heart disease, ischemic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; heart disease, ischemic
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; heart disease, ischemic
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; heart disease, ischemic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; heart disease, ischemic
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; lymphoproliferative disorders; restenosis
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; lymphoproliferative disorders; restenosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; stroke
add1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; stroke
hpse	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; stroke
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; stroke
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:neonatal thrombocytopenia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:neurocognitive decline
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; retinal vascular occlusion
f5	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; retinal vascular occlusion
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; retinal vascular occlusion
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; retinal vascular occlusion
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; retinal vascular occlusion
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; retinal vascular occlusion
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:platelet aggregation
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:platelet aggregation
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:platelet aggregation
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:platelet aggregation
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome; pregnancy loss, recurrent
f5	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome; pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome; pregnancy loss, recurrent
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome; pregnancy loss, recurrent
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome; pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:premature myocardial infarction in men.
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:premature myocardial infarction in men.
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent pregnancy loss
il10	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent pregnancy loss
ace	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent pregnancy loss
f5	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent pregnancy loss
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent pregnancy loss
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent pregnancy loss
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent pregnancy loss
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent pregnancy loss
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent pregnancy loss
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent pregnancy loss
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:renal allograft rejection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:renal allograft rejection
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:renal allograft rejection
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:renal allograft rejection
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:retinal vascular occlusion
ace	GAD_DISEASE:retinal vascular occlusion
f5	GAD_DISEASE:retinal vascular occlusion
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:retinal vascular occlusion
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:retinal vascular occlusion
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:retinal vascular occlusion
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:retinal vascular occlusion
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:retinal vascular occlusion
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:serotonin levels
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:serotonin levels
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, lacunar
plat	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, lacunar
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, lacunar
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:sudden cardiac death
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:sudden cardiac death
scap	GAD_DISEASE:sudden cardiac death
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:sudden cardiac death
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolic disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolic disease
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolic disease
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia and vascular disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia and vascular disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia and vascular disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia and vascular disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia and vascular disease
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia and vascular disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia and vascular disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:thrombophilia and vascular disease
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:vaso-occlusive crisis
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:vaso-occlusive crisis
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:ventricular assist devices complications
LOC100699105	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Disease
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Disease
LOC112846611	GAD_DISEASE:Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome
LOC112846611	GAD_DISEASE:lactate dehydrogenase severe acute respiratory syndrome
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Viremia
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Viremia
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Viremia
irf9	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Viremia
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Viremia
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Viremia
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Neutropenia|Thrombocytopenia
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Neutropenia|Thrombocytopenia
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Neutropenia|Thrombocytopenia
LOC100702954	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Neutropenia|Thrombocytopenia
irf7	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Neutropenia|Thrombocytopenia
irf9	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Neutropenia|Thrombocytopenia
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Neutropenia|Thrombocytopenia
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Neutropenia|Thrombocytopenia
mavs	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Neutropenia|Thrombocytopenia
irf2	GAD_DISEASE:atopic dermatitis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:atopic dermatitis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:atopic dermatitis
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:atopic dermatitis
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:atopic dermatitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:atopic dermatitis
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:Anodontia|
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:Hypodontia|Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Genetic Diseases, Inborn
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:Van der Woude syndrome
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:Van der Woude syndrome
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:hypodontia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:hypodontia
pax9	GAD_DISEASE:hypodontia
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate
LOC100706019	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate
shtn1	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate
vax1	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic cleft lipor without cleft palate
irf6	GAD_DISEASE:tooth agenesis
irf8	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphoid
LOC100698323	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphoid
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphoid
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphoid
arid5b	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphoid
kcne4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphoid
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphoid
LOC100705845	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphoid
il10	GAD_DISEASE:AHG deficiency disease|Hemophilia A
f5	GAD_DISEASE:AHG deficiency disease|Hemophilia A
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:AHG deficiency disease|Hemophilia A
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:AHG deficiency disease|Hemophilia A
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
prok1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Acidosis, Lactic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|AIDS-Related Opportunistic Infections|Cytomegalovirus Retinitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Lung Injury|Inflammation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Precancerous Conditions|Squamous cell carcinoma|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Recurrence
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Recurrence
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome|Multiple Organ Failure|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult|Wounds and Injuries
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|Alveolar Bone Loss|Chronic Periodontitis|Periodontal Attachment Loss|Periodontal Pocket|Periodontitis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|Alveolar Bone Loss|Chronic Periodontitis|Periodontal Attachment Loss|Periodontal Pocket|Periodontitis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|Alveolar Bone Loss|Chronic Periodontitis|Periodontal Attachment Loss|Periodontal Pocket|Periodontitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|Chronic Periodontitis|
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|Chronic Periodontitis|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholic Liver Diseases|Alcoholism|Liver Diseases|Liver Diseases, Alcoholic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholic Liver Diseases|Liver Diseases, Alcoholic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholic Liver Diseases|Liver Diseases, Alcoholic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Liver Diseases, Alcoholic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Alphavirus Infections|Infectious Mononucleosis|Q Fever
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Alveolitis, Extrinsic Allergic|Bird FancierQs Lung|Extrinsic allergic alveolitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Alveolitis, Extrinsic Allergic|Bird FancierQs Lung|Extrinsic allergic alveolitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia|Malaria|Malaria, Falciparum|Parasitemia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris|Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|Aortic Rupture
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|Inflammation|Postoperative Complications
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis
fam177a1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis
kiaa0391	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriatic arthropathy
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriatic arthropathy
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriatic arthropathy
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriatic arthropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriatic arthropathy
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriatic arthropathy
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriatic arthropathy
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriatic arthropathy
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriatic arthropathy
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Disease Susceptibility|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Disease Susceptibility|Rheumatoid Arthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Aspergillosis|Cystic Fibrosis|Lung Diseases, Fungal
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Aspergillosis|Graft vs Host Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Aspergillosis|Lung Diseases, Fungal
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Aspergillosis|Lung Diseases, Fungal
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. DRS. Total IgE
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Drug Hypersensitivity|Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial|Sinusitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Drug Hypersensitivity|Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial|Sinusitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Inflammation|Retinal Vein Occlusion
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Inflammation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Gastritis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Gastritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Pelvic Pain|Prostatitis|Syndrome
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Pelvic Pain|Prostatitis|Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:B-Cell Lymphomas|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Lymphoma, B-Cell
il10	GAD_DISEASE:B-Cell Lymphomas|Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Large-Cell, Diffuse
il10	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Hepatitis, Autoimmune|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Hepatitis, Autoimmune|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
il10	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
mmel1	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
tnpo3	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|Meningococcal Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Barrett Esophagus|Hernia, Hiatal|Inflammation
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Barrett Esophagus|Hernia, Hiatal|Inflammation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Disease Susceptibility|Skin Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Inflammation
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Inflammation
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Inflammation
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Inflammation
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Inflammation
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Inflammation
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Inflammation
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Inflammation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Boutonneuse Fever|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Hypoxia|Burns|Hypoxia, Brain|Spinal Cord Injuries
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Coronary Artery Disease|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke|Vasculitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Coronary Artery Disease|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke|Vasculitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Chronic B-Cell Leukemias|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Mammary Neoplasms|Systemic lupus erythematosus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Brill-Symmers disease|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Large-Cell, Diffuse
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Brill-Symmers disease|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Large-Cell, Diffuse
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Brill-Symmers disease|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Brill-Symmers disease|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Brill-Symmers disease|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis, Viral
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchitis, Chronic|Bronchopneumonia|Chronic bronchitis |Communicable Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Brucellosis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Brucellosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Brucellosis
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Brucellosis
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Brucellosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Brucellosis|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Brucellosis|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Burns|Sepsis|Systemic infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein myocardial infarct
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cachexia|Esophageal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Cachexia|Esophageal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cachexia|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver
LOC100694738	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Infarction|Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis|Vascular Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Infarction|Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis|Vascular Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Infarction|Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis|Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Infarction|Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis|Vascular Diseases
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Infarction|Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis|Vascular Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Diabetes Complications|Diabetes Mellitus|Inflammation|Liver Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
hdac10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
kif1b	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
pgd	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
ube4b	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
LOC100698323	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Colonic Neoplasms|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Inflammation|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Thoracic Neoplasms
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Thoracic Neoplasms
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Thoracic Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Thoracic Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Thoracic Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Disease
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Fever|
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Fever|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|IgA Deficiency
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas Cardiomyopathy|
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas Cardiomyopathy|
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas Cardiomyopathy|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas Disease
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Infertility, Female
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Infertility, Female
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioretinitis|Toxoplasmosis, Ocular
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
rora	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
serpinf1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
nphp1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Periodontitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Glomerulonephritis|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Glomerulonephritis|Kidney Failure, Chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Inflammation|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Malnutrition
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative
runx3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
ccny	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Disease Susceptibility|Substance-Related Disorders
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Churg-Strauss Syndrome|Wegener Granulomatosis
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Churg-Strauss Syndrome|Wegener Granulomatosis
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:Churg-Strauss Syndrome|Wegener Granulomatosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Clonorchiasis|Fibrosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Clonorchiasis|Fibrosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|
LOC100707779	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|
arpc2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Common Cold|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Common Cold|Otitis Media|Picornaviridae Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Constipation|Diarrhea|Gastroenteritis|Irritable Bowel Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Corneal Ulcer|Eye Infections, Bacterial|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Aneurysm|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Aneurysm|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
abhd16a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Aneurysm|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Aneurysm|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Aneurysm|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Aneurysm|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Heart Disease and Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Heart Disease and Myocardial Infarction
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Coronary Stenosis|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Coronary Stenosis|Myocardial Infarction
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Inflammation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Postoperative Complications
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Postoperative Complications
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Critical Illness|Pneumonia|Sepsis|Systemic infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Critical Illness|Sepsis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Critical Illness|Sepsis
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Critical Illness|Sepsis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Critical Illness|Sepsis|Systemic infection
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Critical Illness|Sepsis|Systemic infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Critical Illness|Sepsis|Systemic infection|Wounds and Injuries
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
tyk2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
zgpat	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
il16	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
mif	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
mst1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
p4ha2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
pdlim1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100708019	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
casp9	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis
LOC100695496	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis
agr2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis
mydgf	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Pseudomonas Infections
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Pseudomonas Infections
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Pseudomonas Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cytomegalovirus Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Cytomegalovirus Infections|Epstein-Barr Virus Infections|Herpes Simplex|Herpes Simplex Infections|Herpesviridae Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Delayed Graft Function
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Delayed Graft Function
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Dental Plaque|Periodontitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|
LOC100696284	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|
LOC100709804	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|Dermatitis, Irritant|Dermatitis, Occupational|Hand Dermatoses
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|Eczema allergic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatomyositis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus 
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus 
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus 
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus 
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea|Escherichia coli Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Diffuse Scleroderma|Limited Scleroderma|Scleroderma, Diffuse|Scleroderma, Limited
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal|Fever|Seizures, Febrile
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Disease|Gastritis|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Hypersensitivity
lactb	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Hypersensitivity
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Hypersensitivity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Hepatitis, Toxic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Diseases|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Diseases|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms|Stomach Ulcer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms|Stomach Ulcer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Eclampsia|Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Eclampsia|Pre-Eclampsia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Eclampsia|Pre-Eclampsia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Endotoxemia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Endotoxemia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Epstein-Barr Virus Infections|Hodgkin Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Epstein-Barr Virus Infections|Hodgkin Disease|Pseudolymphoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Epstein-Barr Virus Infections|Lymphoproliferative Disorders
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Epstein-Barr Virus Infections|Lymphoproliferative Disorders
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Epstein-Barr virus infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Hyperglycemia|Oesophageal neoplasm
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Hyperglycemia|Oesophageal neoplasm
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Hyperglycemia|Oesophageal neoplasm
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Hyperglycemia|Oesophageal neoplasm
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Hyperglycemia|Oesophageal neoplasm
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Hyperglycemia|Oesophageal neoplasm
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Esophagitis|Gastritis, Atrophic|Gastroesophageal Reflux|Helicobacter Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Insulin Resistance
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Insulin Resistance
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Insulin Resistance
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Death|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications|Premature Birth
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Hepatitis C
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulonephritis, IGA|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|IGA Glomerulonephritides
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Food Hypersensitivity
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Food Hypersensitivity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:G6PD deficiency
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:G6PD deficiency
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:G6PD deficiency
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:G6PD deficiency
il10	GAD_DISEASE:GVHD
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Diseases|
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections
LOC100707394	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Metaplasia|Peptic Ulcer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Metaplasia|Peptic Ulcer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Lymphoma, B-Cell, Marginal Zone|Metaplasia|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Metaplasia|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Peptic Ulcer|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Giant Cell Arteritis|Temporal Arteritis
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Giant Cell Arteritis|Temporal Arteritis
fam167a	GAD_DISEASE:Giant Cell Arteritis|Temporal Arteritis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Giant Cell Arteritis|Temporal Arteritis
lck	GAD_DISEASE:Giant Cell Arteritis|Temporal Arteritis
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Giant Cell Arteritis|Temporal Arteritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Gingivitis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Gingivitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Recurrence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Recurrence
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Recurrence
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Recurrence
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Recurrence
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|Recurrence
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Hematologic Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Hematologic Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Hematologic Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Hematologic Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Hematologic Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Hematologic Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Hematologic Neoplasms|Postoperative Complications
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease
kdm6a	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease
LOC100708293	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease
hdlbp	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Ophthalmopathy|Thyroid associated opthalmopathies
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Ophthalmopathy|Thyroid associated opthalmopathies
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Ophthalmopathy|Thyroid associated opthalmopathies
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
tg	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
ptpn12	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Graves disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Guillain-Barre Syndrome
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Guillain-Barre Syndrome
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Guillain-Barre Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:H. pylori infection
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:H. pylori infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|HIV Seropositivity|Papillomavirus Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:HIV; tuberculosis; cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:HIV; tuberculosis; cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
il10	GAD_DISEASE:HTLV-1 infection
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:HTLV-1 infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:HTLV-I Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:HTLV-I Infections|Paraparesis, Tropical Spastic|Spinal Cord Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure, Diastolic|Inflammation|Kidney Failure, Chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Valve Diseases|Rheumatic Heart Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Valve Diseases|Rheumatic Heart Disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Valve Diseases|Rheumatic Heart Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Inflammation|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Inflammation|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Inflammation|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Inflammation|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Inflammation|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Hepatitis C, Chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B|Hepatitis C
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B|Hepatitis C|Reperfusion Injury
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B|Hepatitis C|Reperfusion Injury
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B|Hypersensitivity|Uremia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B|Liver Failure, Acute
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B|Recurrence
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B|Recurrence
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Schistosomiasis mansoni
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Viremia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Viremia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Hepatitis C, Chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Pregnancy Complications, Infectious
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Pregnancy Complications, Infectious
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Recurrence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Recurrence
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Recurrence
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis, Alcoholic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis, Viral, Human|Liver Failure, Acute
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis, Viral, Human|Liver Failure, Acute
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Herpes Zoster
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Inflammation
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Inflammation
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Inflammation
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Inflammation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Lymphoma|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
il10	GAD_DISEASE:HodgkinQs disease
atm	GAD_DISEASE:HodgkinQs disease
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:HodgkinQs disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Human Longevity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:IgA Deficiency
prdm1	GAD_DISEASE:IgA Deficiency
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:IgA Deficiency
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:IgA Deficiency
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:IgA Deficiency
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Kidney Failure, Acute
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Postoperative Complications
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Postoperative Complications
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Postoperative Complications
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Postoperative Complications
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Sudden Infant Death
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Sudden Infant Death
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation| AGING
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
mst1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Acute
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Acute
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Acute
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Leishmaniasis, Cutaneous
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Leishmaniasis, Cutaneous
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Leishmaniasis, Cutaneous
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Leishmaniasis, Cutaneous
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Leptospirosis|Swamp fever
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Leptospirosis|Swamp fever
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Leptospirosis|Swamp fever
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Acute, L1|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Recurrence
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lichen Planus, Oral
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Lichen Planus, Oral
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Diseases, Alcoholic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Failure
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Failure
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases, Interstitial|Scleroderma, Systemic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases, Interstitial|Scleroderma, Systemic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Discoid|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Oral Ulcer|Systemic lupus erythematosus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphadenitis|Mycobacterium Infections|Periodontitis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphadenitis|Mycobacterium Infections|Periodontitis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphadenitis|Mycobacterium Infections|Periodontitis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphadenitis|Mycobacterium Infections|Periodontitis
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphadenitis|Mycobacterium Infections|Periodontitis
ptx3	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphadenitis|Mycobacterium Infections|Periodontitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphadenitis|Tuberculosis|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytosis|Lymphoproliferative Disorders
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocytosis|Lymphoproliferative Disorders
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Large-Cell, Diffuse|Remission, Spontaneous
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs|Lymphoma, T-Cell|T-Cell Lymphoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Neoplasm Invasiveness
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum|Parasitemia
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum|Parasitemia
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum|Parasitemia
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum|Parasitemia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Organ Failure|Multiple Trauma|Sepsis|Systemic infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Organ Failure|Wounds and Injuries
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple System Atrophy
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple System Atrophy
sqstm1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple System Atrophy
LOC100692160	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple System Atrophy
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple System Atrophy
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple System Atrophy
ppp1r14c	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple System Atrophy
slc1a4	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple System Atrophy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple System Atrophy
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Myasthenia Gravis|Thymoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Myasthenia Gravis|Thymoma|Thymus Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Myasthenia Gravis|Thymoma|Thymus Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
rasa1	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
tnfrsf19	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
itga9	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
sacs	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Neovascularization, Pathologic|Retinal Vasculitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Non-HodgkinQs B cell lymphoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Occupational Diseases|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Omenn syndrome severe combined immunideficiency
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Omenn syndrome severe combined immunideficiency
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Ophthalmia, Sympathetic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Ophthalmia, Sympathetic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Osteolysis|Prosthesis Failure
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Osteolysis|Prosthesis Failure
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Osteolysis|Prosthesis Failure
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Otitis Media|Recurrence
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:Otitis Media|Recurrence
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Otitis Media|Recurrence
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Otitis Media|Recurrence
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Papillomavirus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Papillomavirus Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Paraparesis, Tropical Spastic|Tropical Spastic Paraparesis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Pemphigus
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Pemphigus
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Pemphigus
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Pemphigus
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Pemphigus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontal Diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Pneumococcal septic shock
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Pneumonia|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Newborn|Sepsis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Polyarteritis Nodosa|Wegener Granulomatosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Polyarteritis Nodosa|Wegener Granulomatosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth|Uterine Cervical Incompetence
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth|Vaginosis, Bacterial
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Prostatitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders|Sepsis|Streptococcal Infections|Systemic infection
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders|Sepsis|Streptococcal Infections|Systemic infection
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders|Sepsis|Streptococcal Infections|Systemic infection
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders|Sepsis|Streptococcal Infections|Systemic infection
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders|Sepsis|Streptococcal Infections|Systemic infection
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders|Sepsis|Streptococcal Infections|Systemic infection
LOC100702822	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders|Sepsis|Streptococcal Infections|Systemic infection
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders|Sepsis|Streptococcal Infections|Systemic infection
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders|Sepsis|Streptococcal Infections|Systemic infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Purpura, Thrombocytopenic, Idiopathic|WerlhofQs disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Purpura, Thrombocytopenic, Idiopathic|WerlhofQs disease
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:Purpura, Thrombocytopenic, Idiopathic|WerlhofQs disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Q fever
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Q fever
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Q fever
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Tract Infections
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Artery Occlusion
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatic Heart Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatic Heart Disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatic Heart Disease
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatic Heart Disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatic Heart Disease
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatic Heart Disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Rubella vaccine, cytokine response to
il10	GAD_DISEASE:SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome)
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Schistosomiasis mansoni
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Skin Ulcer|Systemic Scleroderma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Skin Ulcer|Systemic Scleroderma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic Scleroderma
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic Scleroderma
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic Scleroderma
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic Scleroderma
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic Scleroderma
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic Scleroderma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic Scleroderma
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic Scleroderma
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic Scleroderma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Seizures, Febrile
pcdh19	GAD_DISEASE:Seizures, Febrile
hcn2	GAD_DISEASE:Seizures, Febrile
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Seizures, Febrile
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Systemic infection
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Systemic infection
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Systemic infection
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Systemic infection
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Systemic infection
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Systemic infection
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Systemic infection
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Systemic infection
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Systemic infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Silicosis|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Silicosis|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
il10	GAD_DISEASE:SjogrenQs Syndrome
LOC100692869	GAD_DISEASE:SjogrenQs Syndrome
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:SjogrenQs Syndrome
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:SjogrenQs Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:SjogrenQs Syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Sjogrens syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Stomatitis, Aphthous
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Sudden Infant Death
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Sudden Infant Death
adcyap1	GAD_DISEASE:Sudden Infant Death
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Sudden Infant Death
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Sudden Infant Death
th	GAD_DISEASE:Sudden Infant Death
LOC100698963	GAD_DISEASE:Sudden Infant Death
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Sudden Infant Death
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Sudden Infant Death
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Sudden Infant Death
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Total serum IgE
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Trachoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Trypanosomiasis, African
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Uveitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Uveitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Uveitis, Anterior
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Uveitis, Anterior
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Wegener Granulomatosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Wegener Granulomatosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Wegener Granulomatosis
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Wegener Granulomatosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Wegener Granulomatosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Wegener Granulomatosis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Wegener Granulomatosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
mmel1	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
klf12	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
LOC100691451	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:Wounds and Injuries
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Wounds and Injuries
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Wounds and Injuries
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Wounds and Injuries
il10	GAD_DISEASE:acute GVHD
il10	GAD_DISEASE:acute and chronic kidney transplant outcome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:acute rejection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:acute rejection after kidney transplantation
impdh2	GAD_DISEASE:acute rejection after kidney transplantation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:adenocarcinoma 
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:adenocarcinoma 
il10	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis
LOC100699565	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis
LOC100693354	GAD_DISEASE:allergic rhinitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:allergies; common cold
il10	GAD_DISEASE:allograft dysfunction, renal
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:allograft dysfunction, renal
il10	GAD_DISEASE:allograft outcome
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:allograft outcome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:allograft rejection, heart
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:allograft rejection, heart
il10	GAD_DISEASE:alpha 1-Antitrypsin Deficiency|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:alpha 1-Antitrypsin Deficiency|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:alpha 1-Antitrypsin Deficiency|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:alpha 1-Antitrypsin Deficiency|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:alpha 1-Antitrypsin Deficiency|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
il10	GAD_DISEASE:anti-Ro autoantibodies
il10	GAD_DISEASE:anticardiolipin antibody production lupus erythematosus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:aphthous stomatitis
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:aphthous stomatitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:arteriosclerosis; microinflammation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
crh	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
ghr	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis; asthma; diabetes, type 1; pemphigus; IL-1RI
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis; asthma; diabetes, type 1; pemphigus; IL-1RI
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis; asthma; diabetes, type 1; pemphigus; IL-1RI
il10	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis; diabetes, type 1; pregnancy loss, recurrent; juvenile arthritis; pemphigus; IL-1RI
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis; diabetes, type 1; pregnancy loss, recurrent; juvenile arthritis; pemphigus; IL-1RI
il10	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis; osteoarthritis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis; osteoarthritis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis; osteoarthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; candidiasis; high-altitude illness
il10	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; eczema; allergic disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; eczema; allergic disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; lipids; C-reactive protein; obesity; glucose; leptin; atopy
il10	GAD_DISEASE:atopy
aicda	GAD_DISEASE:atopy
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:atopy
map3k5	GAD_DISEASE:atopy
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:atopy
mok	GAD_DISEASE:atopy
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:atopy
il10	GAD_DISEASE:atopy beta-lactam allergy
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:atopy beta-lactam allergy
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:atopy beta-lactam allergy
il10	GAD_DISEASE:autoimmune hepatitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:bacterial vaginosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:biliary atresia
mif	GAD_DISEASE:biliary atresia
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:biliary atresia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:blastomycosis; Brazilian|Paracoccidioidomycosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:bone marrow transplantation
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:bone marrow transplantation
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:bone marrow transplantation
il1rap	GAD_DISEASE:bone marrow transplantation
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:bone marrow transplantation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:bronchiolitis obliterans syndrome
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:bronchiolitis obliterans syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:brucellosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:brucellosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:bullous pemphigoid
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy; heart anomalies, congenital
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy; heart anomalies, congenital
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease; periodontal disease
ctsc	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease; periodontal disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease; periodontal disease
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease; periodontal disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease; periodontal disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
LOC100696337	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
pum3	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
tiparp	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:celiac disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cell-surface B7 expression; cytokine production
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:cell-surface B7 expression; cytokine production
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, VLDL lipoprotein triglycerides
il10	GAD_DISEASE:chronic lymphocytic leukaemia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, biliary primary
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, biliary primary
il10	GAD_DISEASE:common variable immunodeficiency
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:common variable immunodeficiency
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cytokine lung function
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cytokine production
il10	GAD_DISEASE:cytomegalovirus
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:cytomegalovirus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:desensitization in solid organ transplant recipients 
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:desensitization in solid organ transplant recipients 
il10	GAD_DISEASE:disc disease, intervertebral
il10	GAD_DISEASE:eosinophilia
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:eosinophilia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:epidermodysplasia verruciformis
LOC100708988	GAD_DISEASE:epidermodysplasia verruciformis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:familial early onset psoriasis.
il10	GAD_DISEASE:gastric disease
odc1	GAD_DISEASE:gastric disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:gastroenteritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:gene polymorphism coding for increased IL-10 production
il10	GAD_DISEASE:genetic polymorphisms
il10	GAD_DISEASE:giant cell arteritis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:giant cell arteritis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:giant cell arteritis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:giant cell arteritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:graft rejection, liver
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:graft rejection, liver
il10	GAD_DISEASE:graft versus host disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:graft versus host disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease; longevity; spondyloarthropathies; aphthous stomatitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease; longevity; spondyloarthropathies; aphthous stomatitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease; longevity; spondyloarthropathies; aphthous stomatitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:graft-vs-host disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:graft-vs-host disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:haemophilia A
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:haemophilia A
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:haemophilia A
il10	GAD_DISEASE:heart transplant
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:heart transplant
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:heart transplant
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hematopoietic stem cell transplantation
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hemophilia
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:hemophilia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hemophilia A
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis A vaccination, humoral immune response
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B and C virus infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C infection
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C virus infection.
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C; Schistosoma mansoni infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C; longevity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:herpes zoster
il10	GAD_DISEASE:herpesvirus, Kaposi sarcoma-associated
il10	GAD_DISEASE:increased development of adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:increased interleukin-10 (IL-10) plasma levels
il10	GAD_DISEASE:infection, postoperative
il10	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, tubal factor
il10	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease/UC
il10	GAD_DISEASE:interleukin-10 response after cardiopulmonary bypass.
il10	GAD_DISEASE:interstitial lung diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:interstitial lung diseases
il10	GAD_DISEASE:irritable bowel syndrome
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:irritable bowel syndrome
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:irritable bowel syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:irritable bowel syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile arthritis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile arthritis
slc26a2	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile arthritis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile arthritis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile arthritis
LOC100701247	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile arthritis
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile arthritis
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile arthritis
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile arthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:kidney disease; vascular disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure
hsp70	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure
il10	GAD_DISEASE:kidney graft survival
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:kidney graft survival
il10	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant complications
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant complications
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant complications
ace	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant complications
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant complications
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant complications
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant complications
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant complications
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant complications
il10	GAD_DISEASE:kidney; failure|Renal Insufficiency
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:kidney; failure|Renal Insufficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:kidney; failure|Renal Insufficiency
il10	GAD_DISEASE:knee osteoarthritis
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:knee osteoarthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloid; longevity; myelodysplasia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloid; myelodysplasia
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myeloid; myelodysplasia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:leukopenia neutropenia stomatitis thrombocytopenia
mif	GAD_DISEASE:leukopenia neutropenia stomatitis thrombocytopenia
il10	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein level
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein level
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein level
il10	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease, alcoholic
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease, alcoholic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease; hepatitis C, chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease; hepatitis C, chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:liver transplant
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:liver transplant
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:liver transplant
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:liver transplant
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:liver transplant
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:liver transplant
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:liver transplant
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:liver transplant
il10	GAD_DISEASE:lung transplant complications
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:lung transplant complications
il10	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoproliferative disorders, post-transplant
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoproliferative disorders, post-transplant
il10	GAD_DISEASE:major trauma
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:major trauma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:malaria
mif	GAD_DISEASE:malaria
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:malaria
LOC106098018	GAD_DISEASE:malaria
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:malaria
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:malaria
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:malaria
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:malaria
il10	GAD_DISEASE:measles vaccine immunity
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:measles vaccine immunity
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:measles vaccine immunity
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:measles vaccine immunity
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:measles vaccine immunity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:meningococcal disease
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:meningococcal disease
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:meningococcal disease
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:meningococcal disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:meningococcal disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:miscarriage
il10	GAD_DISEASE:myasthenia gravis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:myasthenia gravis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:myasthenia gravis
chrnd	GAD_DISEASE:myasthenia gravis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:noncardia gastric cancer
il10	GAD_DISEASE:osteosarcoma
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:osteosarcoma
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:osteosarcoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:paediatric renal allograft
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:paediatric renal allograft
il10	GAD_DISEASE:palmoplanta pustulosis
LOC100711365	GAD_DISEASE:palmoplanta pustulosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis
LOC100694673	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis
hras	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis
rmc1	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis, chronic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis, chronic
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis, chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis, chronic
il10	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis; sepsis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:panencephalitis, subacute sclerosing
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:panencephalitis, subacute sclerosing
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:panencephalitis, subacute sclerosing
il10	GAD_DISEASE:parvovirus
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:parvovirus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:parvovirus B19 infection
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:parvovirus B19 infection
il10	GAD_DISEASE:pemphigus
p53	GAD_DISEASE:pemphigus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:pemphigus vulgaris
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:pemphigus vulgaris
il10	GAD_DISEASE:periodontal disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:periodontal disease
il10	GAD_DISEASE:preterm birth
LOC100712567	GAD_DISEASE:preterm birth
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:preterm birth
il10	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis psoriatic arthritis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis psoriatic arthritis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis psoriatic arthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary fibrosis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary fibrosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:reactive arthritis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:renal allograft outcome
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:renal allograft outcome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:renal transplant
il10	GAD_DISEASE:renal transplantation, protein secretion in
il10	GAD_DISEASE:renal transplantation, rejection after
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:renal transplantation, rejection after
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:renal transplantation, rejection after
il10	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal
il10	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory syncytial virus
il10	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis; HIV; RheiterQs syndrome; urogenital disorders
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis; HIV; RheiterQs syndrome; urogenital disorders
il10	GAD_DISEASE:rubella vaccination
il10	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:skin squamous cell carcinoma
il10	GAD_DISEASE:small for gestational age
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:small for gestational age
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:small for gestational age
il10	GAD_DISEASE:spontaneous preterm birth
il10	GAD_DISEASE:sudden infant death syndrome
il10	GAD_DISEASE:suppression of induction of contact sensitivity
il10	GAD_DISEASE:syncytial virus bronchiolitis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:tacrolimus pharmacokinetics
il10	GAD_DISEASE:trypanosomiasis
il10	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis tumor necrosis factor-alpha
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis tumor necrosis factor-alpha
il10	GAD_DISEASE:uveitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:uveitis
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:uveitis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS Dementia Complex|HIV Infections
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS Dementia Complex|HIV Infections
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Adamantiades-BehcetQs disease
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia|Malaria
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia|Malaria
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic
rel	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Diseases in Twins|Psoriasis|Psoriatic arthropathy
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriasis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Giant Cell Arteritis|Polymyalgia Rheumatica|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Temporal Arteritis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma and Allergic Rhinitis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. allergic rhinitis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity| Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Cytomegalovirus Infections
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas Cardiomyopathy
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas Cardiomyopathy
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Psoriasis
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Psoriasis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
mst1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100708723	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
lyrm4	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
prdm1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
cul2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
usp25	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
ikzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
lacc1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
map3k7	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100708019	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
gata6	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
sbno2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs, Ulcerative Colitis
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs, Ulcerative Colitis
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs, Ulcerative Colitis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Cytomegalovirus Infections|Kidney Diseases
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Cytomegalovirus Infections|Postoperative Complications
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:DawsonQs inclusion body encephalitis|Subacute Sclerosing Panencephalitis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:DawsonQs inclusion body encephalitis|Subacute Sclerosing Panencephalitis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease GravesQ ophthalmopathy hyperthyroidism IgE IL-12
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease; HashimotoQs thryoiditis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Neuritis|Somatosensory Disorders
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Neuritis|Somatosensory Disorders
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Substance Abuse, Intravenous
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:IgE levels
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:IgE levels
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy, Lepromatous
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy, Lepromatous
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Rubella
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
LOC100693282	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
kif21b	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
dab2	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
malrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
LOC102078975	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
vipr1	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
antxr2	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
b3gnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
ano6	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
LOC100710174	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
runx3	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylitis, Ankylosing
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis; feltyQs syndrome; large granular lymphocyte syndrome
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:asthma (childhood)
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1; GravesQ disease; HashimotoQs thryroiditis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C liver disease, chronic and cirrhosis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy tuberculosis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus; lupus nephritis
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus; lupus nephritis
oaz1	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus; lupus nephritis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:paratyphoid feber typhoid fever
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:paratyphoid feber typhoid fever
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:peptic ulcer
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:peptic ulcer
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis; dermatitis and eczema
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis; tuberculosis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis; tuberculosis
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis; tuberculosis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:silicosis
ghr	GAD_DISEASE:silicosis
LOC100706746	GAD_DISEASE:susceptibility to tuberculosis
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Pain
il16	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
rhoh	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
LOC100699911	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
tg	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
abcf1	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
itpr3	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease
il16	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; atopy
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; atopy
mif	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; atopy
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; atopy
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; atopy
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; atopy
arg2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; atopy
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; atopy
il16	GAD_DISEASE:inattentive symptoms
LOC100691516	GAD_DISEASE:inattentive symptoms
znf423	GAD_DISEASE:inattentive symptoms
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|Psoriasis
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:Dyspepsia|Helicobacter Infections|Inflammation
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Dyspepsia|Helicobacter Infections|Inflammation
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:asthma chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100694013	GAD_DISEASE:gastric mucosa
mif	GAD_DISEASE:gastric mucosa
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:Measles|Mumps|Rubella
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Measles|Mumps|Rubella
LOC102079789	GAD_DISEASE:leishmaniasis
LOC100711365	GAD_DISEASE:Metastatic Melanoma
il6st	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; hyperandrogenism
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; hyperandrogenism
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms|oligodendroglioma
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms|oligodendroglioma
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Blast Crisis|Blast Phase|Myeloproliferative Disorders
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Blast Crisis|Blast Phase|Myeloproliferative Disorders
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Blast Crisis|Blast Phase|Myeloproliferative Disorders
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Blast Crisis|Blast Phase|Myeloproliferative Disorders
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Blast Crisis|Blast Phase|Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Blast Crisis|Blast Phase|Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Blast Crisis|Blast Phase|Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Blast Crisis|Blast Phase|Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Blast Crisis|Blast Phase|Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Glioma
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Glioma
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|melanoma|Neoplasm Metastasis|Neoplasm of lung |Skin Neoplasms
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|melanoma|Neoplasm Metastasis|Neoplasm of lung |Skin Neoplasms
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Diseases|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Diseases|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Preleukemia
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Preleukemia
LOC100702682	GAD_DISEASE:Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
LOC100707214	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia
pkp2	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia
LOC100707499	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia
LOC100707214	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia
LOC100702338	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia
LOC100703660	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia
pkp2	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia
LOC100707499	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia
LOC100707214	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC100703660	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Sudden Cardiac Death
pkp2	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC100707499	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC100707214	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
LOC100711322	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
tcap	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
LOC100707241	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
LOC100690118	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
LOC100703660	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
pkp2	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
LOC100707499	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
jph2	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
nfatc4	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
pln	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy
LOC100704957	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; prostate cancer; testicular cancer; ovarian cancer
LOC100704957	GAD_DISEASE:prostate breast testicular and ovarian cancers
LOC100709520	GAD_DISEASE:Asthenozoospermia|Azoospermia|Oligospermia
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Asthenozoospermia|Azoospermia|Oligospermia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Asthenozoospermia|Azoospermia|Oligospermia
kif16b	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoid Tumor
LOC100704048	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoid Tumor
LOC109194170	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoid Tumor
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:LCAT deficiency
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol, HDL
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol, HDL
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; lipid metabolism disorders
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherosclerotic
tbxa2r	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherosclerotic
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:dominant effect on HDL-cholesterol
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:fish eye disease
lcat	GAD_DISEASE:hypoalphalipoproteinemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:hypoalphalipoproteinemia
LOC100703008	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Tremor
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Tremor
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Tremor
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Tremor
LOC100703008	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Tremor|
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Tremor|
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Tremor|
LOC100703008	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson disease,  essential tremor 
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
LOC100711910	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
LOC100697018	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
sfrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
decr1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
LOC100693441	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
malrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
f3	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
LOC100703716	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
foxb1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
efhc1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
ccser1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
eif3a	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
hs6st3	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
LOC100694543	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
ptprk	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
ssbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
slc35f3	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
lmo4	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
LOC100693614	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
rbm46	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
LOC100712274	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
slc35f4	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
tyw3	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
usp24	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria
LOC100704093	GAD_DISEASE:Intuition
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Intuition
hunk	GAD_DISEASE:Intuition
LOC100691931	GAD_DISEASE:Intuition
pid1	GAD_DISEASE:Intuition
LOC100703104	GAD_DISEASE:Intuition
lrrtm2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
paip2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
tmem173	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
LOC100711831	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
LOC100695155	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
LOC100707186	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hint1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
luzp2	GAD_DISEASE:serum markers of iron status
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:serum markers of iron status
topbp1	GAD_DISEASE:serum markers of iron status
rspo3	GAD_DISEASE:serum markers of iron status
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:serum markers of iron status
LOC100692078	GAD_DISEASE:serum markers of iron status
LOC100705672	GAD_DISEASE:serum markers of iron status
wtap	GAD_DISEASE:serum markers of iron status
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:serum markers of iron status
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cardiovascular Diseases|Ischemia|Stroke
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Aspirin-induced asthma
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Aspirin-intolerant asthma
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Stroke|Venous Thrombosis
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders(C10.228.140.546.399.750)/genetics
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:NSAID- Induced Isolated Periobital Angioedema
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:allergic disease
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:allergic disease
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:asthma IgE
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:asthma IgE
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma IgE
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:asthma, aspirin-induced
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; aspirin intolerance
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, carotid coronary artery calcium, intimal medial thickness
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:periorbital angiodema
ltc4s	GAD_DISEASE:sinusitis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:sinusitis
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Myocardial Infarction|Myocardial Ischemia|Stroke
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction
ncf1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction
tbxa2r	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Heart Disease
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Heart Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Heart Disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Heart Disease
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Heart Disease
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Heart Disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Heart Disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Heart Disease
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperlipidemias|Obesity
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias
osbpl10	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Metabolic Syndrome X
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Metabolic Syndrome X
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Metabolic Syndrome X
cpn1	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100703561	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Metabolic Syndrome X
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Metabolic Syndrome X
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Metabolic Syndrome X
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Metabolic Syndrome X
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
galnt2	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
bud13	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
tbl2	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
angptl3	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
baz1b	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
sugp1	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
LOC100693591	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Fredrickson hyperlipoproteinemia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol levels
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:HDL-cholesterol
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:HDL-cholesterol
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Insulin Resistance
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Insulin Resistance
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Insulin Resistance
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperemia
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperemia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemia Type III|Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemia Type III|Hypertriglyceridemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemia Type III|Hypertriglyceridemia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Pre-Eclampsia
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:Post- Heparin Hepatic Lipase Activity ???????
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2; lipids; stroke, ischemic
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2; lipids; stroke, ischemic
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2; lipids; stroke, ischemic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2; lipids; stroke, ischemic
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery stenosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery stenosis
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total; apoA1; apoB; apoE; apoC-III
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery calcium
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:coronary calcification
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hepatic lipase activity
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance
ins	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance; lipid metabolism
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:heritable lipolytic deficiency.
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:high plasma concentrations of high density lipoprotein ch
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:increased concentration of HDL-C and decreased promoter activity
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein subclass profiles
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:low hepatic lipase activity
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:lower levels of hepatic lipase activity buoyant LDL and higher HDL2 cholesterol
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipid levels
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipid levels
lipc	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; insulin
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; insulin
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Insulin Resistance|Lipodystrophy
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity
LOC100705181	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic phenotypes
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Achilles tendon xanthomas
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Diseases|Calcinosis|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Diseases|Calcinosis|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II|Stroke
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II|Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Stroke
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II|Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Stroke
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Carotid Artery Diseases|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type I|Vascular Diseases
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Gallstones
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Gallstones
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Gallstones
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Gallstones
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Gallstones
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Gallstones
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Disorders|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Disorders|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hypercholesterolemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II|Translocation, Genetic
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II|Translocation, Genetic
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Familial Hypercholesterolemia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Remission, Spontaneous
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined
osbpl10	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined
LOC100700409	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined
osbpl9	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders|Migraine with Aura
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:PAH metabolites, urinary
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:PAH metabolites, urinary
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Tongue Diseases
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease; lipoprotein
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery intima-media thickness
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery intima-media thickness
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarction
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarction
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarction
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarction
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis hepatitis C, chronic
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:differential plasma lipoprotein response to simvastatin
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:familial hypercholesterolemia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:familial hypercholesterolemia.
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic hypercholesterolemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic hypercholesterolemia
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic hypercholesterolemia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia of hypothyroidism
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; beta-glucuronidase; anaphylactoid purpura
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:lung function; PAH metabolites, urinary
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:migraine without aura
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:mild familial hypercholesterolaemia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:mild familial hypercholesterolemia
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:normal serum cholesterol levels
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma cholesterol levels and drug response
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma concentrations of low density lipoproteins including LP(a)
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipid and apolipoprotein levels
ldlr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipid traits
lef1	GAD_DISEASE:other metabolic traits
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:other metabolic traits
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:other metabolic traits
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:other metabolic traits
LOC100705818	GAD_DISEASE:other metabolic traits
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:other metabolic traits
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:other metabolic traits
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:other metabolic traits
lamp1	GAD_DISEASE:lysosomal storage disorders
lamp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly|Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly|Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
LOC100690118	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly|Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly|Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly|Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly|Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic root size
smg6	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic root size
tsr1	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic root size
cep120	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic root size
ppic	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic root size
LOC102083227	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic root size
sgsm2	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic root size
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract|Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome
clu	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Pigmentation Disorders
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Premature Birth|Uterine Prolapse
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Angle-Closure|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
vav2	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Angle-Closure|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
vav3	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Angle-Closure|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Angle-Closure|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Angle-Closure|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Angle-Closure|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma (exfoliation)
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:normal tension glaucoma, pigmentary glaucoma and exfoliation glaucoma
LOC100705642	GAD_DISEASE:pseudoexfoliation syndrome and glaucoma
LOC100705741	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome|Torsades de Pointes
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome|Torsades de Pointes
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome|Torsades de Pointes
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Alphavirus Infections|Arthralgia|Paraplegia
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
stc2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
reck	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
robo4	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
LOC100708656	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
LOC100702684	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
tymp	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
wnt10b	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
LOC100695663	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
actr5	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
LOC100704395	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
pgf	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Anoxia|
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia|Malaria, Falciparum
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia|Malaria, Falciparum
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid
vtcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Carotid Artery Diseases|Disease Susceptibility|Rheumatoid Arthritis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Disease Models, Animal
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Atopy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Atopy
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Atopy
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Atopy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Atopy
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Atopy
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Atopy
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Gastritis|Inflammation
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Resorption
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Resorption
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas Disease|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas Disease|
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Inflammation
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Community-Acquired Infections|Pneumonia|Sepsis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Vessel Anomalies|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Helicobacter Infections|Inflammation|Peptic Ulcer
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Familial Mediterranean Fever
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Familial Mediterranean Fever
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Familial Mediterranean Fever
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Metaplasia|Stomach Neoplasms
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Hamartoma|Lung Diseases
mif	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatoid arthritis
exoc4	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatoid arthritis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:allogeneic stem cell transplantation
mif	GAD_DISEASE:alopecia areata
c5	GAD_DISEASE:alopecia areata
aire	GAD_DISEASE:alopecia areata
mif	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous vasculitis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis Peudomonas aeruginosa
mif	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory response in coronary bypass
mif	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile idiopathic arthritis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile idiopathic arthritis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic; nephrotic syndrome
mif	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis, acute
mif	GAD_DISEASE:polyarthritis
mif	GAD_DISEASE:tooth loss
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:tooth loss
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:tooth loss
mst1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholangitis, Sclerosing
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholangitis, Sclerosing
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Pseudoxanthoma Elasticum
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; coronary calcification
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:kidney stone disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:kidney stone disease
casr	GAD_DISEASE:kidney stone disease
LOC100692894	GAD_DISEASE:kidney stone disease
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:kidney stone disease
mgp	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; plaque calcification
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Helicobacter Infections
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Liver carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Liver carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Liver carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Liver carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms|Recurrence
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms|Recurrence
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Endometrial Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Endometrial Neoplasms
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Disease Susceptibility|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Disease Susceptibility|Myocardial Infarction
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Disease Susceptibility|Myocardial Infarction
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Hypersensitivity|Psoriasis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Retinopathy|
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Retinopathy|
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Disease
pdpr	GAD_DISEASE:Disease
taf3	GAD_DISEASE:Disease
inpp5b	GAD_DISEASE:Disease
nrap	GAD_DISEASE:Disease
LOC100695257	GAD_DISEASE:Disease
LOC100704492	GAD_DISEASE:Disease
agmat	GAD_DISEASE:Disease
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Disease
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Disease
LOC100705624	GAD_DISEASE:Disease
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure, Systolic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure, Systolic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure, Systolic
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, T-Cell, Cutaneous|Parapsoriasis|Skin Neoplasms
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Nasal Polyps|Recurrence|Rhinitis|Sinusitis
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Nasal Polyps|Recurrence|Rhinitis|Sinusitis
tnfaip6	GAD_DISEASE:Nasal Polyps|Recurrence|Rhinitis|Sinusitis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysm
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysm
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysm
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysm
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:aseptic loosening post hip replacement osteolysis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:aseptic loosening post hip replacement osteolysis
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cardia adenocarcinoma
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:gastric cardia adenocarcinoma and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth
LOC100703704	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth
f5	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth
ada	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease, chronic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease, chronic
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease, chronic
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease, chronic
mmp2	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer; oral submucous fibrosis
med12	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; phobia
med12	GAD_DISEASE:major depression
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:major depression
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:major depression
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:major depression
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:major depression
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:major depression
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:major depression
LOC100689998	GAD_DISEASE:major depression
med12	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; hypothyroidism
med12	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; manic depression
med12	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; mental retardation
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Follicular|Carcinoma, Papillary|Melanoma|Thyroid Neoplasms
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Albinism, Oculocutaneous
slc24a5	GAD_DISEASE:Albinism, Oculocutaneous
LOC100711224	GAD_DISEASE:Albinism, Oculocutaneous
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:Albinism, Oculocutaneous
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Albinism, Oculocutaneous
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Albinism, Oculocutaneous
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Black vs red hair color
exoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Black vs red hair color
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Black vs red hair color
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Black vs red hair color
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Black vs red hair color
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Blond vs brown hair color
tpcn2	GAD_DISEASE:Blond vs brown hair color
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:Blond vs brown hair color
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Blond vs brown hair color
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Brill-Symmers disease|Lymphoma, Follicular|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Large-Cell, Diffuse|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|Skin Neoplasms
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Epstein-Barr Virus Infections|Multiple Sclerosis
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Erythema|Psoriasis|Skin Neoplasms
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma, Amelanotic|Skin Neoplasms
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|Nevus|Skin Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|Nevus|Skin Neoplasms
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Ocular melanoma
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Photosensitivity Disorders
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Severe Acute Radiotherapy Side Effects
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Severe Photoaging of Facial Skin
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Neoplasms
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Neoplasms
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Neoplasms
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer melanoma
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous melanoma which is largely independent of skin type and hair color
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:ephelides; solar lentigines
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:freckles and solar lentigines
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:hair color
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:human pigmentation
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:human pigmentation
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:human pigmentation
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma skin cancer, non-melanoma
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma, cutaneous
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma; skin cancer, non-melanoma
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma; skin cancer, non-melanoma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma; skin cancer, non-melanoma
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma; skin cancer, non-melanoma
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Nevus|Skin Neoplasms|Sunburn
mtap	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Nevus|Skin Neoplasms|Sunburn
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Nevus|Skin Neoplasms|Sunburn
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Nevus|Skin Neoplasms|Sunburn
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:oculocutaneous albinism type 2
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:radiation, UV, sensitivity to
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer, nonmelanoma
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer; squamous cell carcinoma; carcinoma, basal cell
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:tanning phenotype
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:tanning phenotype
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:tanning phenotype
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:tanning phenotype
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:tanning phenotype
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:tanning phenotype
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:vitiligo
smoc2	GAD_DISEASE:vitiligo
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:vitiligo
mc1r	GAD_DISEASE:vulvar vestibulitis syndrome
LOC100534525	GAD_DISEASE:human vitiligo or osteopetrosis
mtnr1a	GAD_DISEASE:scoliosis
slc26a2	GAD_DISEASE:scoliosis
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:scoliosis
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:scoliosis
matn1	GAD_DISEASE:scoliosis
sntg1	GAD_DISEASE:scoliosis
mmel1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Rheumatoid Arthritis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Rheumatoid Arthritis
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Rheumatoid Arthritis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Rheumatoid Arthritis
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100691451	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100703837	GAD_DISEASE:Dental Caries
mtmr4	GAD_DISEASE:Dental Caries
tuft1	GAD_DISEASE:Dental Caries
tfip11	GAD_DISEASE:Dental Caries
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:Dental Caries
mthfs	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mtap	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Diabetes Mellitus|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Intracranial Embolism
mtap	GAD_DISEASE:Cutaneous nevi
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:Cutaneous nevi
mtap	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Nevus|Precancerous Conditions|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Nevus|Precancerous Conditions|Skin Neoplasms
mtap	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Nevus|Skin Neoplasms
aco1	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Nevus|Skin Neoplasms
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Nevus|Skin Neoplasms
plaa	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Nevus|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100698800	GAD_DISEASE:Smith-Magenis syndrome
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Smith-Magenis syndrome
LOC100694673	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration, age-related
ace	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration, age-related
LOC100711938	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration, age-related
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration, age-related
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration, age-related
LOC100710029	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration, age-related
ckb	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration, age-related
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:ApoB-48
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Hepatitis C, Chronic
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B|Hepatitis B, Chronic
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Diseases
pts	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Diseases
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:Perphenazine
shisa9	GAD_DISEASE:Perphenazine
sox5	GAD_DISEASE:Perphenazine
LOC102083004	GAD_DISEASE:Perphenazine
dph5	GAD_DISEASE:Perphenazine
pxdn	GAD_DISEASE:Perphenazine
rnf144a	GAD_DISEASE:Perphenazine
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; lipoprotein; lipids
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial diabetes, type 2 glucose insulin
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total; insulin; apoB
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL insulin lipoprotein liver disease, nonalcoholic fatty
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, LDL; insulin; apoB
fabp1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, LDL; insulin; apoB
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism disorders
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism disorders
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism disorders
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism disorders
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; hyperinsulinemia; obesity, visceral
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein profiles
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:lipoproteins; obesity
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:liver steatosis
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:plasma cholesterol levels and body mass index
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:steatohepatitis, non-alcoholic
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:steatohepatitis, non-alcoholic
mttp	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL; lipoproteins
mad1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiographic conduction measures
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with or without cleft palate
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with or without cleft palate
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with or without cleft palate; cleft palate, isolated
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with or without cleft palate; cleft palate, isolated
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip without cleft palate; cleft palate
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip without cleft palate; cleft palate
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip without cleft palate; cleft palate
msx1	GAD_DISEASE:limb deficiency
LOC100697794	GAD_DISEASE:mucolipidosis
LOC100697794	GAD_DISEASE:mucolipidosis type IV
LOC100700693	GAD_DISEASE:drug-induced liver injury (flucloxacillin)
LOC100692975	GAD_DISEASE:drug-induced liver injury (flucloxacillin)
LOC100706088	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation|Syndrome
Mb	GAD_DISEASE:multiple epiphyseal dysplasia
slc26a2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple epiphyseal dysplasia
comp	GAD_DISEASE:multiple epiphyseal dysplasia
LOC100696268	GAD_DISEASE:multiple epiphyseal dysplasia
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:multiple epiphyseal dysplasia
col9a3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple epiphyseal dysplasia
LOC100698303	GAD_DISEASE:Emphysema
LOC100693700	GAD_DISEASE:Emphysema
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:Emphysema
cobl	GAD_DISEASE:Emphysema
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Emphysema
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:Emphysema
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Emphysema
LOC100704034	GAD_DISEASE:Griscelli syndrome
myo15a	GAD_DISEASE:nonsyndromic deafness DFNB3
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies|
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic, Familial|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy|Sudden Cardiac Death
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
LOC100691245	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
LOC100690118	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
pln	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Tachycardia, Ventricular
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Tachycardia, Ventricular
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Tachycardia, Ventricular
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
mybpc3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
LOC100690118	GAD_DISEASE:hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
pln	GAD_DISEASE:hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
myh11	GAD_DISEASE:Ductus Arteriosus, Patent
LOC100701355	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atherosclerosis|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Stroke
LOC100697952	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atherosclerosis|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Stroke
LOC100691194	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atherosclerosis|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Stroke
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atherosclerosis|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Stroke
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atherosclerosis|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Stroke
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS-Associated Nephropathy|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Hypertension
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Hypertension
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Hypertension
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Hypertension
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes mellitus|Endocrine System Diseases|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Urologic Diseases
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Deafness
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Deafness
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis|Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic
myh9	GAD_DISEASE:thrombocytopenia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombocytopenia
gp1bb	GAD_DISEASE:thrombocytopenia
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:thrombocytopenia
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:thrombocytopenia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thrombocytopenia
LOC100710205	GAD_DISEASE:thrombocytopenia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thrombocytopenia
LOC100711322	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic, Familial
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic, Familial
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic, Familial
calm2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic, Familial
LOC100711322	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
LOC100703257	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
neurl2	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
LOC100696318	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
myoz1	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
ktn1	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
neil3	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Fat
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Fat
LOC100699310	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Fat
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Fat
stab2	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Fat
LOC100693614	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Fat
rab3gap2	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Fat
amph	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Fat
pcdh7	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Fat
neil3	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|
nthl1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|
LOC100703866	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|
neil3	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
LOC100704299	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
atp8a2	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
pigl	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
e2f7	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
enox1	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
znf385b	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
LOC100694293	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
LOC100695618	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
metap1d	GAD_DISEASE:Subcutaneous Fat
neil3	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate variability traits
LOC100696124	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal
LOC100711643	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
atg5	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
pkd1l1	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
vav3	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
ppfia2	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
LOC100710803	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
ccdc59	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
ing3	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
mettl25	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
LOC100700720	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
ak5	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
nfib	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
vars2	GAD_DISEASE:Sodium
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; psychoses
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; psychoses
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; psychoses
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Hippocampal Atrophy
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:Infant, Newborn, Diseases
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function schizotypy
dao	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function schizotypy
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function schizotypy
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:hip geometry
adgrv1	GAD_DISEASE:hip geometry
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:hip geometry
LOC100704522	GAD_DISEASE:hip geometry
LOC100695931	GAD_DISEASE:hip geometry
kcnh8	GAD_DISEASE:hip geometry
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:prepulse inhibition
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses schizophrenia
nefm	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses schizophrenia
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses schizophrenia
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis, manic schizophrenia
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | personality
LOC100707336	GAD_DISEASE:schizotypal personality
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Cocaine-Related Disorders|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Cocaine-Related Disorders|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:nutrient-specific food intake
LOC100704436	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; blood pressure, arterial
ntrk3	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher Disease
cln8	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher Disease
ncf4	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Ileal Diseases
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Ileal Diseases
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction|CADASIL|Cerebral Hemorrhage|
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:CADASIL
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:CADASIL|Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension|Migraine Disorders
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:CADASIL|Disease Progression
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:alopecia and lumbar herniated disk
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral arteriopathy; leukoencephalopathy
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct; cerebral arteriopathy
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:migraine migraine with aura
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:migraine migraine with aura
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:migraine migraine with aura
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:migraine migraine with aura
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:migraine migraine with aura
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:migraine migraine with aura
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy
LOC100696073	GAD_DISEASE:subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy (CADASIL)]
nthl1	GAD_DISEASE:Intestinal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Intestinal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
runx3	GAD_DISEASE:Intestinal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
ace	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
irak1	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoid Tumor|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|Neuroendocrine Tumors|Pancreatic Neoplasms
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Neoplasms
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Neoplasms
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Recurrence
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy|Heart Failure
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Cancer
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Cancer
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|
tdp1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|
cdc40	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|
cdc45	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis; inflammatory bowel disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis; inflammatory bowel disease
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis; inflammatory bowel disease
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma|Glioma
LOC100711071	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma|Glioma
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma|Glioma
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma|Glioma
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma|Glioma
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Hemorrhage
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Hemorrhage
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:Silicosis
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Silicosis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis, psoriatic
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer kidney cancer
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:lung injury after cardiopulmonary bypass
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus; rheumatoid arthritis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus; rheumatoid arthritis
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus; rheumatoid arthritis
nfkb1	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis; inflammatory bowel disease
nr1d1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder
LOC100710302	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder
vamp7	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder
whrn	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder
dao	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder
mab21l1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary hyperlipidemia
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary hyperlipidemia
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary hyperlipidemia
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary hyperlipidemia
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary hyperlipidemia
nr1h3	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, LDL
LOC100692530	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Neutropenia
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Neutropenia
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Neutropenia
LOC100692530	GAD_DISEASE:Leukopenia|Neutropenia
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukopenia|Neutropenia
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Diabetes mellitus|Dyslipidemias|Fractures, Bone|Hypertension|Osteoporosis
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Cushing Syndrome|Pituitary Neoplasms
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital|Congenital adrenal hyperplasia
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital|Congenital adrenal hyperplasia
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:BclI restriction fragment length polymorphism at the glucocorticoid receptor gene locus
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Growth Disorders|Insulin Resistance
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Newborn
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Body Composition and Muscle Strength
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Bone necrosis|Osteonecrosis
ncoa2	GAD_DISEASE:Bone necrosis|Osteonecrosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone necrosis|Osteonecrosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Bone necrosis|Osteonecrosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone necrosis|Osteonecrosis
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein; longevity; interleukin 6 levels
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Cerebral Arterial Diseases|Coronary Disease|Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Heart Failure|Inflammation|Ventricular Dysfunction
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Lung Diseases|Pseudomonas Infections
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Hypertension|Obesity
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic|fatigue syndrome; postviral
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Glucocorticoid sensitivity
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP Syndrome
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP Syndrome
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP Syndrome
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:NelsonQs syndrome
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome|Proteinuria
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrotic Syndrome|Proteinuria
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:adrenal androgen excess
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight cortisol diabetes, type 2 glucose tolerance
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:body mass index, blood pressure and cholesterol
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; glucocorticoids
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; obesity
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer endometriosis uterine fibroids
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct
f5	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, total; insulin; cortisol
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function depression
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function depression
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension; obesity
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:glucocorticoid resistance
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:glucocorticoid sensitivity
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:hyperandrogenism; premature pubarche
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:hyperandrogenism; premature pubarche
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:hyperandrogenism; premature pubarche
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:increased atherogenic profile
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:increased body fatness
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:increased sensitivity to glucocorticoids
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; lipids; glucose; cortisol; anthropometric parameters
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid
kras	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid
LOC100701327	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid
hoxd4	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid
dok1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:low insulin and cholesterol levels
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:post-traumatic stress disorder
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:post-traumatic stress disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:post-traumatic stress disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:post-traumatic stress disorder
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:post-traumatic stress disorder
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:precocious puberty
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:precocious puberty
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:precocious puberty
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:precocious puberty
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:psychosocial stress.
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:responses to psychosocial stress
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:stress
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:stress
LOC100534398	GAD_DISEASE:working memory
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:working memory
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:working memory
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypotension
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypotension
LOC100709539	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypotension
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:aldosterone
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:aldosterone cortisol heart rate sodium, urinary stress
nr3c2	GAD_DISEASE:potassium response to spironolactone
agt	GAD_DISEASE:potassium response to spironolactone
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Allergic Conjunctivitis|Asthma|Conjunctivitis, Allergic|Dermatitis, Atopic|Eczema allergic|Hypersensitivity|Rhinitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Anus Diseases|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Psoriatic|Familial Mediterranean Fever|
LOC100700785	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Psoriatic|Familial Mediterranean Fever|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriasis|Psoriatic arthropathy
LOC100705990	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriasis|Psoriatic arthropathy
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriasis|Psoriatic arthropathy
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriasis|Psoriatic arthropathy
rnf114	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Psoriasis|Psoriatic arthropathy
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Atrial Fibrillation|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Multiple Sclerosis|Rheumatoid Arthritis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Rheumatoid Arthritis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis|Cholelithiasis|Colitis|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Erythema Nodosum
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis|Sarcoidosis|Skin Diseases|Syndrome|Uveitis|Vision, Low
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|Crohn Disease|Paratuberculosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Bacterial Infections|Liver Cirrhosis|Peritonitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Blau Syndrome
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Blau Syndrome|Uveitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis Obliterans|Graft vs Host Disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Delayed Graft Function|Kidney Diseases|Postoperative Complications
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Neoplasms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Neoplasms
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Cholangitis, Sclerosing|Crohn Disease|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholangitis, Sclerosing|Crohn Disease|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:Cholangitis, Sclerosing|Crohn Disease|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Colonic Neoplasms|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Rheumatic Diseases|Rheumatism
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Postoperative Complications|Pouchitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Ileal Diseases|Intestinal Fistula|Recurrence
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Ileitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Collagenous|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|Genetic Diseases, X-Linked|Sex Chromosome Aberrations
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|Ileitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Common Variable Immunodeficiency|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Megacolon|Enterocolitis|Hirschsprung Disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Constriction, Pathologic|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Fibrosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Constriction, Pathologic|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Intestinal Fistula|Intestinal Obstruction
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Constriction, Pathologic|Crohn Disease|Inflammation
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Duodenal Diseases|Stomach Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Gastrointestinal Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Granuloma
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Hyperplasia
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Ileal Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Intestinal Obstruction
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Osteomyelitis|Unspecified osteomyelitis NOS
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Osteoporosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Periodontal Pocket|Periodontitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Postoperative Complications|Recurrence
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Rheumatoid spondylitis|Spondylitis, Ankylosing
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Sarcoidosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Spondylarthropathies
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Spondylitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Granuloma|Ileal Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Granuloma|Ileitis|Postoperative Complications|Recurrence
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Intestinal Obstruction
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Paratuberculosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Sarcoidosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Uveitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease 
dao	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease 
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease 
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease inflammatory bowel disease
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease inflammatory bowel disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease inflammatory bowel disease ulcerative colitis
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease inflammatory bowel disease ulcerative colitis
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease inflammatory bowel disease ulcerative colitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Encephalomyelitis, Autoimmune, Experimental|Multiple Sclerosis
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Encephalomyelitis, Autoimmune, Experimental|Multiple Sclerosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Erythema Nodosum|Leprosy|Leprosy, Lepromatous
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Hematologic Neoplasms|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Recurrence
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Leukemia|Lymphoma|Myelodysplastic-Myeloproliferative Diseases
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Granulomatous Disease, Chronic|Sarcoidosis|Syndrome
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP Syndrome|Inflammation|Pre-Eclampsia
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Diseases|Leukemia
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Hereditary Autoinflammatory Diseases|Lymphadenitis|Pharyngitis|Stomatitis, Aphthous|Syndrome
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Recurrence
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell, Marginal Zone|Stomach Neoplasms
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Organ Failure|Short Bowel Syndrome
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Infectious|Vaginosis, Bacterial
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Infectious|Vaginosis, Bacterial
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Infectious|Vaginosis, Bacterial
sigirr	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Infectious|Vaginosis, Bacterial
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriatic Arthritis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Fibrosis|Sarcoidosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:SAPHO Syndrome
pstpip2	GAD_DISEASE:SAPHO Syndrome
LOC100711622	GAD_DISEASE:SAPHO Syndrome
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis, Pulmonary|Uveitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylarthritis
LOC100695146	GAD_DISEASE:Spondylarthritis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:acute lymphocytic leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Leukemias, Acute Myeloblastic|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Recurrence
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:antibody formation CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:antibody formation CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:antibody formation CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:antibody formation CrohnQs disease ulcerative colitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:aseptic abscesses CrohnQs disease inflammatory bowel disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; allergies
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:cholangitis, sclerosing
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:cholangitis, sclerosing
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:cholangitis, sclerosing
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:cholangitis, sclerosing
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:cholangitis, sclerosing
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:cholangitis, sclerosing
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary hemochromatosis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy
lacc1	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy
lama2	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:necrotizing enterocolitis
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:necrotizing enterocolitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:neonatal sepsis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:perianal disease
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:pouchitis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:premature rupture of membranes
LOC100702644	GAD_DISEASE:premature rupture of membranes
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis; arthritis, psoriatic; arthritis, inflammatory
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis; psoriatic arthritis
cchcr1	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis; psoriatic arthritis
nod2	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary sarcoidosis
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli
nudt1	GAD_DISEASE:Occupational Diseases|Poisoning
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Occupational Diseases|Poisoning
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Occupational Diseases|Poisoning
oser1	GAD_DISEASE:Cognition
LOC100693789	GAD_DISEASE:Cognition
pax5	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Autonomic Nervous System Diseases|Death, Sudden|Hypoventilation|Syndrome
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercapnic respiratory failure|Hypoventilation|Sleep Apnea, Central
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:congenital central hypoventilation syndrome
phox2b	GAD_DISEASE:germline mutations
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:germline mutations
ret	GAD_DISEASE:germline mutations
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:germline mutations
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Recurrence
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial fibrillation
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial fibrillation
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial fibrillation
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial fibrillation
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial fibrillation
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial fibrillation 
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter
enpep	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Abnormalities
LOC100700524	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Abnormalities
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:PetersQ anomaly
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:Rieger syndrome
pitx2	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, early-onset
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, early-onset
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, early-onset
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Valve Stenosis|
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Valve Stenosis|
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:adult height urinary pyridinoline excretion
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:bone density calcium phosphorus
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:bone density calcium phosphorus
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:calcium homeostasis and peripheral bone density 
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:calcium homeostasis and peripheral bone density 
casr	GAD_DISEASE:calcium homeostasis and peripheral bone density 
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular mortality
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular mortality
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:spinal ossification
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:spinal ossification
LOC109202892	GAD_DISEASE:spondylosis, lumbar
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:spondylosis, lumbar
palb2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Pancreatic Neoplasms
palb2	GAD_DISEASE:Fanconi Anemia|FanconiQs Anemia|Kidney Neoplasms|Nephroblastoma|Wilms Tumor
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Fanconi Anemia|FanconiQs Anemia|Kidney Neoplasms|Nephroblastoma|Wilms Tumor
LOC100701083	GAD_DISEASE:Sexual Dysfunctions, Psychological
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Sexual Dysfunctions, Psychological
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Sexual Dysfunctions, Psychological
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:Chronobiology Disorders
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:Chronobiology Disorders
vipr2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronobiology Disorders
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders, Circadian Rhythm
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders, Circadian Rhythm
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Disorders, Circadian Rhythm
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:delayed sleep phase syndrome.
LOC100690808	GAD_DISEASE:sleep homeostasis
LOC100701746	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease|Hereditary Sensory and Motor Neuropathy
LOC100701746	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A
LOC100701746	GAD_DISEASE:Dejerine-Sottas neuropathy
LOC100701746	GAD_DISEASE:polyneuropathy
prph	GAD_DISEASE:myopia
LOC100705918	GAD_DISEASE:myopia
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:myopia
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:myopia
zbtb14	GAD_DISEASE:myopia
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:myopia
LOC100702986	GAD_DISEASE:myopia
lum	GAD_DISEASE:myopia
nyx	GAD_DISEASE:myopia
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:myopia
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Endometrial Neoplasms|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Dyspepsia|Helicobacter Infections|Peptic Ulcer|Stomach Neoplasms
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Helicobacter Infections|Peptic Ulcer|Stomach Neoplasms
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris, Variant|Chest Pain|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction|Syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia|Heart Failure
tmem43	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia|Heart Failure
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Gallstones
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Gallstones
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Gallstones
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Gallstones
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Gallstones
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Gallstones
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Gallstones
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Gallstones
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Body Weight
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Body Weight
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Body Weight
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Body Weight
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Body Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Body Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
adcy5	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hypertension
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Lipid Metabolism, Inborn Errors
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Overweight
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Overweight
arhgap35	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Overweight
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Weight Loss
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Disease Susceptibility|Endometrial Neoplasms
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetic Nephropathies
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Inflammation
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Inflammation
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Inflammation
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Metabolic Syndrome X
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Metabolic Syndrome X
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Inflammation|Kidney Failure, Chronic
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Obesity|Rectal Neoplasms
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Weight Gain
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Coronary Stenosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Coronary Stenosis
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Coronary Stenosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Coronary Stenosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|Diabetes Complications
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Dental Plaque|Periodontitis|Pregnancy Complications|Premature Birth
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetes, Gestational
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetes, Gestational
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetes, Gestational
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies|Hypertension|Insulin Resistance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Neuropathies|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperinsulinism|Insulin Resistance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertrophy|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Weight Gain
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Glucose Intolerance|Insulin Resistance|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Insulin Resistance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus |Weight Gain
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Angiopathies|Stroke
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Susceptibility|Metabolic Syndrome X
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Edema|Hypertension|Skin Diseases
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Glucose Metabolism Disorders|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|Hypertension|IGA Glomerulonephritides
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Intolerance
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Intolerance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|Graves Ophthalmopathy|Orbital Diseases
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Growth Disorders|Weight Gain
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol/ BMI
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Lipodystrophy
polg	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Lipodystrophy
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hirsutism|Insulin Resistance|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperglycemia|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperinsulinism|Insulin Resistance|Puberty, Precocious
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined|Insulin Resistance|Mixed hyperlipidemia
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension induced by pregnancy|Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension induced by pregnancy|Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension induced by pregnancy|Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension induced by pregnancy|Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Insulin Resistance
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Insulin Resistance
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Insulin Resistance
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Insulin Resistance
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Insulin Resistance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia|Metabolic Syndrome X
rbp4	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia|Metabolic Syndrome X
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Increased plasma concentrations of total cholesterol
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance| free fatty acid
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:LDL-cholesterol
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
polg	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
eif2b4	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Natural Menopause|Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious|Thrombophilia|Tobacco Use Disorder
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Weight Gain|Weight Loss
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Prediabetes syndrome|Prediabetic State
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects|Starvation
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Wegeners Granulomatosis
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Wegeners Granulomatosis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:Weight Gain|Weight Loss
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:adiponectin
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:adiponectin body mass obesity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:adiposity and insulin action
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:beta-cell function; insulin sensitivity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight preterm delivery
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial body mass hypertension, ocular insulin metabolic syndrome
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial body mass hypertension, ocular insulin metabolic syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL dyslipidemia retinopathy, diabetic triglycerides
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL dyslipidemia retinopathy, diabetic triglycerides
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL dyslipidemia retinopathy, diabetic triglycerides
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial endothelium destruction
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; insulin; lipids; left ventricular hypertrophy; glucose; blood pressure, arterial; metabolic syndrome
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; insulin; lipids; left ventricular hypertrophy; glucose; blood pressure, arterial; metabolic syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:body weight
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer and body mass
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk factors
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk factors
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk factors
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total; glucose
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer rectal cancer
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer rectal cancer
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer rectal cancer
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer rectal cancer
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer rectal cancer
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
ins	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
med1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
pdx1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
gck	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
LOC100696419	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; diabetes, type 1
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; diabetes, type 1
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; diabetes, type 1
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; diabetes, type 1
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; diabetes, type 1
LOC100704607	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; diabetes, type 1
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy, diabetic
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy, diabetic
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy, diabetic
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:edema
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:edema
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:essential hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:essential hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:essential hypertension
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:exercise-mediated changes of insulin resistance
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:fasting insulin level
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:glucose homeostasis
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:glucose homeostasis
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:glucose homeostasis
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:glucose homeostasis
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:glucose homeostasis
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:glucose homeostasis
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:higher body mass index
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:higher levels of serum leptin
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:human fertility
ace	GAD_DISEASE:human fertility
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:human fertility
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:human fertility
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:hyperglycemia insulin
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:hyperglycemia insulin
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; glucose tolerance; insulin; hematology indices
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; glucose tolerance; insulin; hematology indices
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:hypertriglyceridemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:hypertriglyceridemia
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:increased antilipolytic insulin sensitivity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:insulin sensitivity and body composition
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:insulin sensitivity and body composition
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; blood pressure, arterial
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; blood pressure, arterial
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; blood pressure, arterial
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; glucose
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; glucose
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; glucose
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; glucose; polycystic ovary syndrome
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; glucose; polycystic ovary syndrome
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; glucose; polycystic ovary syndrome
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:larger body mass
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:leptin
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:leptin
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism and adiposity
angptl3	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism and adiposity
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism and adiposity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; height
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:lower lipoprotein lipase activity
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:oxidized low-density lipoprotein and cardiolipin autoantibodies
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:postprandial responses to glucose or fat tolerance tests
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:resistin
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; alcohol dependence
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; lipoprotein
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; lipoprotein
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary; lipoprotein
pparg	GAD_DISEASE:weight maintenance
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:weight maintenance
arhgap35	GAD_DISEASE:weight maintenance
pck1	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; diabetes, type 2; lipoprotein
pck2	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; diabetes, type 2; lipoprotein
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:Dysplastic Nevus Syndrome
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:Neurodegenerative Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Neurodegenerative Diseases
LOC100690511	GAD_DISEASE:Nevi and Melanomas
nid1	GAD_DISEASE:Nevi and Melanomas
LOC100698203	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein associated phospholipase A2 activity
pla2r1	GAD_DISEASE:GLOMERULONEPHRITIS MEMBRANOUS|Glomerulonephritis, Membranous
pla2r1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, Membranous
pltp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; hypoalphalipoproteinemia; triglyceride
phkb	GAD_DISEASE:liver glycogenosis caused by Phk deficiency
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; Abeta load; Abeta42 concentration
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|Gram-Negative Bacterial Infections
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|Gram-Negative Bacterial Infections
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatopulmonary Syndrome
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Pneumoconiosis
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Pneumoconiosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Pneumoconiosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Pneumoconiosis
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Quebec platelet disorder
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:Urinary Calculi
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Urinary Calculi
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; diabetes, type 1
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; diabetes, type 1
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:late-onset AlzheimerQs disease
LOC100700080	GAD_DISEASE:nephrolithiasis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:nephrolithiasis
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Angina Pectoris
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Promyelocytic, Acute|Syndrome
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; myocardial dysfunction, non-ischaemic
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral malaria
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral malaria
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery stenosis
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease, transplant associated
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:ischemic stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:ischemic stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:ischemic stroke
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:longevity myocardial infarct
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:longevity myocardial infarct
LOC100707843	GAD_DISEASE:renal scarring urinary tract infection
pdgfrb	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | alcohol consumption
pdgfrb	GAD_DISEASE:tyrosine kinase inhibitor pharmacokinetics
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:tyrosine kinase inhibitor pharmacokinetics
LOC100712331	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis|Pancreatitis, Chronic
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:Anxiety
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety depression neuroticism psychological distress
LOC100702838	GAD_DISEASE:bone density fractures, vertebral osteoporosis, postmenopausal
pkd1	GAD_DISEASE:CaroliQs disease
pkd1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant
pkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant
pkd1	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic kidney disease 1
pkd1	GAD_DISEASE:renal disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:renal disease
dcn	GAD_DISEASE:renal disease
pkd1	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, hemorrhagic stroke, ischemic
pkd2	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic polycystic kidney disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic polycystic kidney disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic polycystic kidney disease
LOC100691077	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic polycystic kidney disease
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic polycystic kidney disease
LOC100711670	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome
rnf207	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome
LOC100694365	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome
pln	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome
LOC100711670	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII
shisa2	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII
thnsl1	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII
LOC100707473	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII
acbd6	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII
lg20h1orf174	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII
LOC100699231	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine without Aura
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine without Aura
LOC100712391	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine without Aura
cacnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine without Aura
LOC100701993	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine without Aura
LOC100700804	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine without Aura
kcnk12	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine without Aura
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine without Aura
LOC100702145	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine without Aura
kcnq3	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine without Aura
LOC100703363	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal|Pain
LOC100696388	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance; insulin
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance; insulin
LOC100703625	GAD_DISEASE:low voltage alpha EEG trait
LOC100693467	GAD_DISEASE:EKG, abnormal
LOC100700816	GAD_DISEASE:EKG, abnormal
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:EKG, abnormal
LOC100701336	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Syndrome
LOC100711455	GAD_DISEASE:oculocutaneous albinism
LOC100711224	GAD_DISEASE:oculocutaneous albinism
hps4	GAD_DISEASE:oculocutaneous albinism
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:oculocutaneous albinism
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:oculocutaneous albinism
hps1	GAD_DISEASE:oculocutaneous albinism
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:oculocutaneous albinism
LOC100698807	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Opioid-Related Disorders|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100695832	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Opioid-Related Disorders|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; attention deficit disorder; conduct disorder; oppositional defiant disorder; dementia, frontotemporal
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; attention deficit disorder; conduct disorder; oppositional defiant disorder; dementia, frontotemporal
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimers disease
LOC100700808	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimers disease
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimers disease
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimers disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimers disease
ncstn	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimers disease
LOC100710620	GAD_DISEASE:early-onset familial AlzheimerQs disease
prickle2	GAD_DISEASE:Frontal Lobe
insyn2	GAD_DISEASE:Frontal Lobe
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Frontal Lobe
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Frontal Lobe
klf7	GAD_DISEASE:Frontal Lobe
cntn5	GAD_DISEASE:Frontal Lobe
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Frontal Lobe
nkx2-8	GAD_DISEASE:Frontal Lobe
lg20h1orf174	GAD_DISEASE:Frontal Lobe
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Frontal Lobe
pdcd5	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, chronic myelogenous
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Fibroadenoma
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Fibroadenoma
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus rheumatoid arthritis
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis; lupus erythematosus
prlr	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis; lupus erythematosus
LOC100534523	GAD_DISEASE:systemic lupus erythematosus; prolactin, lymphocyte
prrc1	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
LOC102083309	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
stambpl1	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
ankrd22	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
LOC100698126	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
eomes	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
mast4	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
LOC100711474	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
zic5	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
lg19h9orf72	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
fbxo33	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
lrp12	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
abra	GAD_DISEASE:Intercellular Adhesion Molecule-1
LOC100700785	GAD_DISEASE:BehcetQs disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:BehcetQs disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:BehcetQs disease
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:BehcetQs disease
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:BehcetQs disease
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Insulin Resistance|Obesity|Syndrome
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic microvascular complications
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic microvascular complications
pcsk1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension
pik3r1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension
LOC102080433	GAD_DISEASE:asthma asthma, aspirin-intolerant
LOC100703727	GAD_DISEASE:asthma asthma, aspirin-intolerant
ptger3	GAD_DISEASE:asthma asthma, aspirin-intolerant
ptgir	GAD_DISEASE:asthma asthma, aspirin-intolerant
tbxa2r	GAD_DISEASE:asthma asthma, aspirin-intolerant
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:asthma asthma, aspirin-intolerant
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:asthma asthma, aspirin-intolerant
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections|Respiratory Tract Infections
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Remodeling
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Remodeling
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:colon polyps
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:colon polyps
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:colon polyps
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:colon polyps
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:colon polyps
LOC100703351	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary hypertension
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary hypertension
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary hypertension
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary hypertension
psmd3	GAD_DISEASE:neutrophil count 
psmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Activated Protein C Resistance
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Activated Protein C Resistance
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Activated Protein C Resistance
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Inflammation|Stroke|Thrombosis
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Inflammation|Stroke|Thrombosis
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:Protein S Deficiency|Venous Thrombosis
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:free protein S (type IIa) deficiency
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:protein S
pros1	GAD_DISEASE:protein S deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:protein S deficiency
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Venous Thrombosis
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Severe Sepsis
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:Stroke|Thromboembolism
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral ischemia
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral venous thrombosis
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral venous thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral venous thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral venous thrombosis
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral venous thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral venous thrombosis
LOC100700322	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin sensitivity
LOC100702874	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin sensitivity
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin sensitivity
ggcx	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin sensitivity
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin sensitivity
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin sensitivity
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin sensitivity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin sensitivity
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin sensitivity
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin sensitivity
proc	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin sensitivity
pick1	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis, methamphetamine
LOC100698523	GAD_DISEASE:Bacterial Vaginosis|Premature Birth|Vaginosis, Bacterial
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Bacterial Vaginosis|Premature Birth|Vaginosis, Bacterial
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
etv1	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
LOC100711659	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
LOC109194205	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
LOC100695568	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
fat3	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
hip1	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
pak1	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
galnt17	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
ptpro	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
tsn	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
LOC100709980	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
leprot	GAD_DISEASE:Audiometry, Pure-Tone
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
serpinf1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
epo	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
prkcb	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
add1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
ighmbp2	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
mok	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:anger
LOC100699645	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine smoking behavior
ppm1k	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct disorder (interaction)
slc6a1	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct disorder (interaction)
mfhas1	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct disorder (interaction)
zbtb16	GAD_DISEASE:Conduct disorder (interaction)
LOC100689871	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, T-Cell
ptges	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, T-Cell
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Congenital Heart Defects|Craniofacial Abnormalities|Ectodermal Dysplasia|Heart Defects, Congenital|Noonan Syndrome|Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Congenital Heart Defects|Craniofacial Abnormalities|Ectodermal Dysplasia|Heart Defects, Congenital|Noonan Syndrome|Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Heart Defects, Congenital|LEOPARD Syndrome|Noonan Syndrome|Skin Abnormalities
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Heart Defects, Congenital|LEOPARD Syndrome|Noonan Syndrome|Skin Abnormalities
map2k1	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Heart Defects, Congenital|LEOPARD Syndrome|Noonan Syndrome|Skin Abnormalities
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Heart Defects, Congenital|LEOPARD Syndrome|Noonan Syndrome|Skin Abnormalities
LOC100708547	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Heart Defects, Congenital|LEOPARD Syndrome|Noonan Syndrome|Skin Abnormalities
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|LEOPARD Syndrome
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|LEOPARD Syndrome
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Articulation Disorders|Dyslexia, Acquired|Language Disorders|Noonan Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Articulation Disorders|Dyslexia, Acquired|Language Disorders|Noonan Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:Articulation Disorders|Dyslexia, Acquired|Language Disorders|Noonan Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Peptic Ulcer
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma|Noonan Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma|Noonan Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
map2k1	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma|Noonan Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma|Noonan Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma|Noonan Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
LOC100708547	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma|Noonan Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Growth Disorders|Noonan Syndrome
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss|Noonan Syndrome
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Juvenile
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Juvenile
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Metaplasia|Stomach Neoplasms
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Noonan Syndrome
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Noonan Syndrome
raf1	GAD_DISEASE:Noonan Syndrome
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Noonan syndrome
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:Noonan syndrome Noonan-like syndrome
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:gastric atrophy
runx3	GAD_DISEASE:gastric atrophy
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:gastric atrophy H. pylori infection
LOC100707394	GAD_DISEASE:gastric atrophy H. pylori infection
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; Noonan syndrome
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:neurofibromatosis1; Noonan syndrome
ptpn11	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer; stomach atrophy
ptpra	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease; diabetes, type 2; lipoproteins; longevity
ptprb	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100694804	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Substance-Related Disorders
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Substance-Related Disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Substance-Related Disorders
ttc12	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100705237	GAD_DISEASE:Fuchs Endothelial Dystrophy
tcf4	GAD_DISEASE:Fuchs Endothelial Dystrophy
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Diseases
LOC100697392	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Diseases
LOC100703901	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Diseases
fxr1	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Diseases
ankrd44	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Diseases
hs6st3	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Diseases
LOC100694504	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Diseases
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Diseases
slc24a2	GAD_DISEASE:Gallbladder Diseases
LOC100692353	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer colorectal cancer leukemia liver cancer lung cancer stomach cancer
pcdh19	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Myoclonic
pcdh19	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy and mental retardation
prtg	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslexia|
dnaaf4	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslexia|
kiaa0319l	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslexia|
pus10	GAD_DISEASE:Intestinal Diseases
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:Intestinal Diseases
LOC100699839	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease cognitive function
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease cognitive function
sigmar1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease cognitive function
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease cognitive function
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease cognitive function
LOC100691886	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease cognitive function
rgs12	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100711536	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
rgs22	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
rgs9	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100707040	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100707567	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100708109	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
rgs7	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
rgs11	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Iron-Deficiency|Avitaminosis
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Iron-Deficiency|Avitaminosis
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Iron-Deficiency|Avitaminosis
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Iron-Deficiency|Avitaminosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Iron-Deficiency|Avitaminosis
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Aneuploidy|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Hematologic Diseases|Kidney Diseases|Osteosarcoma
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Hematologic Diseases|Kidney Diseases|Osteosarcoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Hematologic Diseases|Kidney Diseases|Osteosarcoma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Hematologic Diseases|Kidney Diseases|Osteosarcoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Hematologic Diseases|Kidney Diseases|Osteosarcoma
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Osteosarcoma
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Meningioma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Meningioma
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Meningioma
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Meningioma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Meningioma
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Central Nervous System Tumors|Lymphoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Central Nervous System Tumors|Lymphoma
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Central Nervous System Tumors|Lymphoma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Central Nervous System Tumors|Lymphoma
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Central Nervous System Tumors|Lymphoma
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Central Nervous System Tumors|Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Central Nervous System Tumors|Lymphoma
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Toxicity|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Toxicity|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Toxicity|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Spinal Dysraphism
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Spinal Dysraphism
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Spinal Dysraphism
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Spinal Dysraphism
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100702918	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Spinal Dysraphism
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Spinal Dysraphism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Spinal Dysraphism
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
noc3l	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
pou3f1	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
egflam	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
wdpcp	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
klhl29	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
fbxo3	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
LOC100689728	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
LOC100709447	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
ppp1r9a	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
trps1	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-6
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Neural Tube Defects
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Neural Tube Defects
vangl2	GAD_DISEASE:Neural Tube Defects
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Neural Tube Defects
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Neural Tube Defects
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Neoplasms|Retinoblastoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Neoplasms|Retinoblastoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Neoplasms|Retinoblastoma
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Neoplasms|Retinoblastoma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Neoplasms|Retinoblastoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Neoplasms|Retinoblastoma
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Neoplasms|Retinoblastoma
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Neoplasms|Retinoblastoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Neoplasms|Retinoblastoma
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:frequency of micronucleated lymphocytes
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:frequency of micronucleated lymphocytes
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:frequency of micronucleated lymphocytes
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:frequency of micronucleated lymphocytes
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:frequency of micronucleated lymphocytes
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:frequency of micronucleated lymphocytes
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine metabolism, cognition, and white matter lesions
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine metabolism, cognition, and white matter lesions
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine metabolism, cognition, and white matter lesions
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine metabolism, cognition, and white matter lesions
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine metabolism, cognition, and white matter lesions
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects   
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects   
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects   
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects   
LOC100708288	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects   
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects   
mthfd1l	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects   
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects   
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects   
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:nonsymdromic cleft lip
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:nonsymdromic cleft lip
rfc1	GAD_DISEASE:vitamins and metabolites in pregnant women and neonates
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:vitamins and metabolites in pregnant women and neonates
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:vitamins and metabolites in pregnant women and neonates
LOC100703065	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa.
rho	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa.
LOC100707970	GAD_DISEASE:rubella vaccine
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:rubella vaccine
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:rubella vaccine
rara	GAD_DISEASE:rubella vaccine
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:rubella vaccine
top2b	GAD_DISEASE:rubella vaccine
mavs	GAD_DISEASE:rubella vaccine
LOC100707970	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; autism; alcoholism; bipolar disorder; attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
rara	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; autism; alcoholism; bipolar disorder; attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; autism; alcoholism; bipolar disorder; attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
rdh5	GAD_DISEASE:Fundus albipunctatus
rdh5	GAD_DISEASE:cone dystrophy
rdh5	GAD_DISEASE:fundus albipunctatus
LOC100700469	GAD_DISEASE:Retinoschisis
LOC100700469	GAD_DISEASE:X linked juvenile retinoschisis
LOC100700469	GAD_DISEASE:retinoschisis, x-linked
rpn2	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
lhfpl2	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
LOC100706624	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
mal2	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
LOC100697171	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
scamp1	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
arid2	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
ikzf1	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
scaf11	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
cand1	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
frmd6	GAD_DISEASE:hippocampal atrophy
rps11	GAD_DISEASE:Proteins
rps11	GAD_DISEASE:Serum Albumin
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Serum Albumin
rnf212	GAD_DISEASE:Recombination, Genetic
rnf212	GAD_DISEASE:recombination rate (females)
spon2	GAD_DISEASE:recombination rate (females)
rnf212	GAD_DISEASE:recombination rate (males)
spon2	GAD_DISEASE:recombination rate (males)
sgcz	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins E
aff3	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins E
bora	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins E
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins E
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Apolipoproteins E
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; lipoprotein
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; lipoprotein
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; lipoprotein
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:lipid response
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein levels
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma HDL-cholesterol
scarb1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma lipid levels and body mass index
sparc	GAD_DISEASE:Gingival Overgrowth
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Gingival Overgrowth
LOC100702031	GAD_DISEASE:Brachial Plexus Neuropathies|
sqstm1	GAD_DISEASE:PagetQs disease of bone
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
LOC100691739	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
camsap2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
ralbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac defects
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac defects
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac defects
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac defects
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac defects
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac defects
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; folate, erythrocyte
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; folate, erythrocyte
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, adult acute lymphocytic
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, adult acute lymphocytic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, adult acute lymphocytic
shmt1	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery small-for-gestational age
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery small-for-gestational age
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery small-for-gestational age
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:preterm delivery small-for-gestational age
LOC100690586	GAD_DISEASE:1-carbon metabolism
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:1-carbon metabolism
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:1-carbon metabolism
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:1-carbon metabolism
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:1-carbon metabolism
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:1-carbon metabolism
cth	GAD_DISEASE:1-carbon metabolism
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:1-carbon metabolism
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:1-carbon metabolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:1-carbon metabolism
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:1-carbon metabolism
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroid Diseases
serping1	GAD_DISEASE:Type II hereditary angio-oedema
LOC100701534	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100690244	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Multiple Sclerosis
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Eczema|JobQs Syndrome
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|DNA Damage|Genomic Instability
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|DNA Damage|Genomic Instability
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|Eczema allergic|JobQs Syndrome
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:JobQs Syndrome
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic recurrent miscarriages
stat3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis 
slit2	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiographic traits
LOC100701993	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiographic traits
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiographic traits
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Echocardiographic traits
slit2	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Function, Left
LOC100701993	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Function, Left
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Function, Left
slit2	GAD_DISEASE:glioma
hras	GAD_DISEASE:glioma
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:glioma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:glioma
phldb1	GAD_DISEASE:glioma
tert	GAD_DISEASE:glioma
LOC100703331	GAD_DISEASE:pravastatin kinetics
slco2b1	GAD_DISEASE:pravastatin kinetics
LOC100709409	GAD_DISEASE:hemochromatosis
LOC100690393	GAD_DISEASE:hemochromatosis
LOC100698871	GAD_DISEASE:hemochromatosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:hemochromatosis
slc12a1	GAD_DISEASE:diuresis
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:diuresis
LOC100704048	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging in schizophrenia (interaction)
LOC100695328	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging in schizophrenia (interaction)
LOC100702022	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging in schizophrenia (interaction)
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging in schizophrenia (interaction)
LOC102083201	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging in schizophrenia (interaction)
traf3	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging in schizophrenia (interaction)
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:Gitelman Syndrome
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:Gitelman Syndrome|Hypertension
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:GitelmanQs syndrome
slc12a3	GAD_DISEASE:polygenic hypertension
LOC100698818	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
arhgap24	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC102075629	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
rasgrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
slc16a2	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid and neurological abnormalities
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Diabetes Complications|Uremia|Vascular Diseases
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Carbohydrate Metabolism, Inborn Errors|Dyskinesias|Dyskinetic syndrome|Epilepsy|Mental Retardation|Syndrome
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Metabolism Disorders|Obesity|Spinal Dysraphism
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Glucose Metabolism Disorders|Obesity|Spinal Dysraphism
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:HTLV-I Infections|Paraparesis, Tropical Spastic
glut1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy.
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy.
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Gout|Metabolic Syndrome X|Myocardial Infarction
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:Gout|Hyperuricemia
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrolithiasis
dgkh	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrolithiasis
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrolithiasis
mindy4	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrolithiasis
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrolithiasis
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:atherogenic uric acid concentrations
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:gout
LOC100708645	GAD_DISEASE:gout
pdzk1	GAD_DISEASE:gout
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:gout
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:gout
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:gout
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:gout
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:hyperuricemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:hyperuricemia
slc2a9	GAD_DISEASE:uric acid
slc22a18	GAD_DISEASE:serum bilirubin levels
arhgef7	GAD_DISEASE:serum bilirubin levels
sema3c	GAD_DISEASE:serum bilirubin levels
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
msantd2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
crhbp	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
cd109	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
LOC100699246	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
anxa3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
cdh11	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
nudt12	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
palld	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
ptprm	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Proteins
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:Matrix Metalloproteinases
LOC100695245	GAD_DISEASE:serum Matrix Metalloproteinase
slc24a5	GAD_DISEASE:skin pigmentation
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:skin pigmentation
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:skin pigmentation
slc25a4	GAD_DISEASE:ophthalmoplegia ParkinsonQs disease
polg	GAD_DISEASE:ophthalmoplegia ParkinsonQs disease
twnk	GAD_DISEASE:ophthalmoplegia ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100694542	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercalciuria|Nephrolithiasis
LOC100694542	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Primary|Kidney Calculi
slc27a1	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein; lipids
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein; lipids
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein; lipids
LOC100704394	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Hepatitis C, Chronic|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100705836	GAD_DISEASE:Elliptocytosis, Hereditary
LOC100705836	GAD_DISEASE:Familial distal renal tubular acidosis
LOC100705836	GAD_DISEASE:anemia, malarial
LOC100705836	GAD_DISEASE:priapism
kl	GAD_DISEASE:priapism
itgav	GAD_DISEASE:priapism
LOC100692669	GAD_DISEASE:priapism
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:priapism
LOC100705836	GAD_DISEASE:spherocytosis
LOC100709332	GAD_DISEASE:FuchsQ Endothelial Dystrophy
tcf4	GAD_DISEASE:FuchsQ Endothelial Dystrophy
zeb1	GAD_DISEASE:FuchsQ Endothelial Dystrophy
col8a2	GAD_DISEASE:FuchsQ Endothelial Dystrophy
LOC100694047	GAD_DISEASE:menarche (age at onset)
hace1	GAD_DISEASE:menarche (age at onset)
bves	GAD_DISEASE:menarche (age at onset)
LOC102079283	GAD_DISEASE:menarche (age at onset)
fktn	GAD_DISEASE:menarche (age at onset)
popdc3	GAD_DISEASE:menarche (age at onset)
tmem38b	GAD_DISEASE:menarche (age at onset)
LOC100695425	GAD_DISEASE:menarche (age at onset)
tal2	GAD_DISEASE:menarche (age at onset)
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:menarche (age at onset)
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:Anorexia Nervosa
vgll4	GAD_DISEASE:Anorexia Nervosa
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Anorexia Nervosa
ntng1	GAD_DISEASE:Anorexia Nervosa
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:Anorexia Nervosa
ssbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Anorexia Nervosa
akap6	GAD_DISEASE:Anorexia Nervosa
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant adverse effects
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant adverse effects
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder Tourette syndrome
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 diabetic nephropathy
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:major psychiatric disorders
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:major psychiatric disorders
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:norepinephrine-transporter deficiency
slc6a2	GAD_DISEASE:orthostatic intolerance
slc7a5	GAD_DISEASE:melphalan pharmacokinetics melphalan side effects
LOC100710813	GAD_DISEASE:melphalan pharmacokinetics melphalan side effects
slc7a9	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatin C
LOC100695995	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatin C
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatin C
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatin C
LOC100700465	GAD_DISEASE:Cystatin C
slc7a9	GAD_DISEASE:Cystinuria
slc3a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cystinuria
slc7a9	GAD_DISEASE:cystinuria
slc3a1	GAD_DISEASE:cystinuria
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:cystinuria
slc9a6	GAD_DISEASE:Angelman Syndrome
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Insulin Resistance
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:acromegaly
LOC100710302	GAD_DISEASE:acromegaly
LOC100699490	GAD_DISEASE:neuroblastoma
spata17	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa 
spry1	GAD_DISEASE:Neurofibromatosis 1|Syndrome
LOC100694452	GAD_DISEASE:Neurofibromatosis 1|Syndrome
spry4	GAD_DISEASE:Neurofibromatosis 1|Syndrome
spry2	GAD_DISEASE:Neurofibromatosis 1|Syndrome
spred1	GAD_DISEASE:Neurofibromatosis 1|Syndrome
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:alopecia, androgenetic prostate cancer sex hormones
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:androgenetic alopecia
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:androgenetic alopecia
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:breast or ovarian cancer
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL; breast cancer
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:cryptorchidism
LOC100692649	GAD_DISEASE:cryptorchidism
nr5a1	GAD_DISEASE:cryptorchidism
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:cryptorchidism.
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; sex hormones
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; sex hormones
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:hirsutism polycystic ovary syndrome
srd5a1	GAD_DISEASE:hirsutism polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer prostate specific antigen
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer prostate specific antigen
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer; steroid hormones
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer; steroid hormones
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:serum androgen concentrations
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:serum androgen concentrations
LOC100711421	GAD_DISEASE:sperm concentration sperm motility
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; lipids
srebf1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total; insulin
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia, Vascular|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia, Vascular|
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia, Vascular|
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia, Vascular|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia, Vascular|
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; hypercholesterolemia; cholesterol, LDL; hypertriglyceridemia
srebf2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia, vascular
ace	GAD_DISEASE:dementia, vascular
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:dementia, vascular
agt	GAD_DISEASE:dementia, vascular
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:dementia, vascular
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:dementia, vascular
LOC100708550	GAD_DISEASE:Parietal Lobe
ermp1	GAD_DISEASE:Parietal Lobe
LOC100707316	GAD_DISEASE:Parietal Lobe
LOC100696490	GAD_DISEASE:Parietal Lobe
pdlim5	GAD_DISEASE:Parietal Lobe
LOC100708457	GAD_DISEASE:Parietal Lobe
erich3	GAD_DISEASE:Parietal Lobe
smc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cornelia De Lange Syndrome|De Lange Syndrome
LOC100699860	GAD_DISEASE:Cornelia De Lange Syndrome|De Lange Syndrome
smc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cornelia De Lange Syndrome|De Lange Syndrome
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
tmem127	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma|Syndrome
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma|Syndrome
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma|Syndrome
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
fh	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma|von Hippel-Lindau Disease
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma|von Hippel-Lindau Disease
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma|von Hippel-Lindau Disease
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma|von Hippel-Lindau Disease
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma|von Hippel-Lindau Disease
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Paraganglioma|Pheochromocytoma
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Pheochromocytoma
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Pheochromocytoma
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Pheochromocytoma
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Pheochromocytoma
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Pheochromocytoma
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Hamartoma Syndrome, Multiple
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Hamartoma Syndrome, Multiple
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Paraganglioma
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Paraganglioma
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Paraganglioma
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Paraganglioma
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Paraganglioma
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:Paraganglioma
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:Paraganglioma
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:Paraganglioma
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:extra-adrenal and/or malignant phaeochromocytomas
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:hypoxia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:hypoxia
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:hypoxia
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:hypoxia
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:hypoxia
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:paragangliomas
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:paragangliomas, head and neck
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:paragangliomas, head and neck
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:paragangliomas, head and neck
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:paragangliomas, head and neck; pheochromocytomas
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:paragangliomas, head and neck; pheochromocytomas
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:pheochromocytoma
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:pheochromocytoma
cul2	GAD_DISEASE:pheochromocytoma
ret	GAD_DISEASE:pheochromocytoma
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:pheochromocytoma
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:pheochtomocytomas
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:pheochtomocytomas
ret	GAD_DISEASE:pheochtomocytomas
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:pheochtomocytomas
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:pheochtomocytomas
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:prolonged survival associated
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:renal cell carcinoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:renal cell carcinoma
LOC100712084	GAD_DISEASE:spermatogenesis
sdha	GAD_DISEASE:spermatogenesis
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:spermatogenesis
cs	GAD_DISEASE:spermatogenesis
sdhc	GAD_DISEASE:spermatogenesis
suclg2	GAD_DISEASE:Astigmatism
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:Astigmatism
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:Astigmatism
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Astigmatism
suox	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia Areata
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia Areata
prdx5	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia Areata
stx17	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia Areata
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia Areata
LOC100706212	GAD_DISEASE:cancer; colorectal cancer
LOC100706212	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; colorectal cancer; kidney cancer; liver cancer; oral cancer; cervical cancer; gastrointestinal cancer
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
socs1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic myeloid leukaemia.
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:body weight insulin lipids
socs3	GAD_DISEASE:obesity and glucose homeostasis
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity and glucose homeostasis
syn2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Seizures|Syndrome
LOC100695178	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Seizures|Syndrome
LOC100693476	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Seizures|Syndrome
kcnmb4	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Seizures|Syndrome
kcnab1	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Seizures|Syndrome
syn2	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic epilepsy
LOC100697206	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|
LOC100702979	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|
LOC100694717	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Mental Retardation
LOC100710649	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Mental Retardation
stxbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Mental Retardation
LOC100699312	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Mental Retardation
LOC100707847	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Mental Retardation
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms |Osteoporosis|Alzheimer Diseasey|Cardiovascular Diseases|Metabolic Syndrome X|Diabetes Complications
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder depressive disorder, major
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:endogenous psychoses
LOC100696143	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; weight gain
LOC100707936	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Ulcer
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Ulcer
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Ulcer
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Ulcer
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Ulcer
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Ulcer
stx8	GAD_DISEASE:Intra-Abdominal Fat
tenm3	GAD_DISEASE:Intra-Abdominal Fat
tdrd3	GAD_DISEASE:Intra-Abdominal Fat
LOC100706654	GAD_DISEASE:Intra-Abdominal Fat
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Intra-Abdominal Fat
cpeb2	GAD_DISEASE:Intra-Abdominal Fat
snta1	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal|Long QT Syndrome
snta1	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome|Sudden Infant Death
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome|Sudden Infant Death
snta1	GAD_DISEASE:inherited myopathy
sntb2	GAD_DISEASE:inherited myopathy
sntb1	GAD_DISEASE:inherited myopathy
dtna	GAD_DISEASE:inherited myopathy
tacr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cough|
tacr2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic cough
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:chronic cough
LOC100690084	GAD_DISEASE:human taste sensitivity to sucrose
tnmd	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Intolerance
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Intolerance
tnmd	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100693744	GAD_DISEASE:spermatogenic impairment 
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic|Myeloproliferative Disorders
tet3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic|Myeloproliferative Disorders
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Myeloproliferative Disorders
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Myeloproliferative Disorders
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelomonocytic, Chronic|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Mastocytosis, Systemic
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Myelodysplastic Syndromes
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Myelodysplastic Syndromes
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hax1	GAD_DISEASE:Myelodysplastic Syndromes
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders
tet2	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential
txn2	GAD_DISEASE:Neural Tube Defects|Spinal Dysraphism
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Neural Tube Defects|Spinal Dysraphism
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizoaffective disorder schizophrenia
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizoaffective disorder schizophrenia
timeless	GAD_DISEASE:diurnal preferences
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|Chronic Periodontitis|Periodontitis, Juvenile
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Amyloidosis|Familial Mediterranean Fever|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Reactive|Salmonella Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Aspergillosis|
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Aspergillosis|
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Aspergillosis|Aspergillosis, Allergic Bronchopulmonary|Lung Diseases, Fungal
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|HIV Infections|Pneumococcal Infections
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Bacteremia|HIV Infections|Pneumococcal Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bacterial Infections|Urinary tract infection|Urinary Tract Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity|Respiratory Sounds
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis Obliterans
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis Obliterans
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis Obliterans
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis Obliterans
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein intima-media thickness
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Candidiasis, Oral|HIV Infections|Oral candidiasis|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Candidiasis, Oral|HIV Infections|Oral candidiasis|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Candidiasis|Gram-Positive Bacterial Infections|Sepsis
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Candidiasis|Gram-Positive Bacterial Infections|Sepsis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydia Infections|Genital Diseases, Female
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Communicable Diseases|Critical Illness|Sepsis|Systemic infection
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis; pancolitis
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; ulcerative colitis; pancolitis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cystitis|Pyelonephritis|Urinary Tract Infections
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Cystitis|Pyelonephritis|Urinary Tract Infections
myd88	GAD_DISEASE:Cystitis|Pyelonephritis|Urinary Tract Infections
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Cystitis|Pyelonephritis|Urinary Tract Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cytomegalovirus Infections|Mycoses
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Metaplasia|Stomach Neoplasms
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Eczema|Food Hypersensitivity
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Epidermal Necrolysis, Toxic|Stevens-Johnson Syndrome
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Epidermal Necrolysis, Toxic|Stevens-Johnson Syndrome
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Epidermal Necrolysis, Toxic|Stevens-Johnson Syndrome
LOC100693614	GAD_DISEASE:Epidermal Necrolysis, Toxic|Stevens-Johnson Syndrome
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Filariasis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
aicda	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Peptic Ulcer
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1 viral load
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1 viral load
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity, Immediate
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity, Immediate
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:IL-12 production from monocyte
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases|Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare Infection|Mycobacterium Infections, Atypical
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases|Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare Infection|Mycobacterium Infections, Atypical
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Lyme disease
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Lyme disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningitis, Meningococcal|Meningococcal meningitis|Tuberculosis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections|Pneumococcal Infections
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections|Pneumococcal Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Nasal Polyps|Sinusitis|Staphylococcal Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Pneumococcal Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Q Fever
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Staphylococcus aureus infection
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Meningeal|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Meningeal|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:Virus Diseases
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Virus Diseases
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:acute pancreatitis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:amyloidosis Familial Mediterranean Fever
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; allergic rhinitis; atopic dermatitis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:bacterermia malaria, plasmodium falciparum pneumonia tuberculosis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:bacterial infection
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:bacteriuria
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:bacteriuria
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:bacteriuria
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:bronchiectasis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:bronchiectasis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:bronchiectasis
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:bronchiectasis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:febrile bacterial infection, recurrent
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:filiariasis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:genital herpes|Herpes Genitalis
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:lung disease, mycobacteria
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:lung disease, mycobacteria
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:malaria, plasmodium falciparum
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:malaria, plasmodium falciparum
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:malaria, plasmodium falciparum
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:malaria, plasmodium falciparum
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:malaria, plasmodium falciparum
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:malaria, plasmodium falciparum
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:normal tension glaucoma
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:normal tension glaucoma
optn	GAD_DISEASE:normal tension glaucoma
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatic fever
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatic heart disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatic heart disease
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:staphylococcal infection
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:systemic inflammatory response syndrome
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis 
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis 
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis 
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis 
tlr2	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis meningitis
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Candidiasis, Cutaneous|Cutaneous Candidiasis|Cytomegalovirus Infections
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|Coxsackievirus Infections|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy|Myocarditis
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Encephalitis, Tick-Borne|Tick-Borne Encephalitis
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:Stevens-Johnson syndrome
LOC100703629	GAD_DISEASE:subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Inflammation|Ventricular Remodeling
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria|Parasitemia
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:aspergillosis
LOC109204746	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; dermatitis, atopic; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Anodontia|Uniparental Disomy
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft lip and palate
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:birth defects
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip and palate
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip and palate
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate; cleft palate
LOC100707450	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate; cleft palate
clptm1	GAD_DISEASE:cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate; cleft palate
tgfa	GAD_DISEASE:non-syndromic cleft lip and palate
tgfbi	GAD_DISEASE:BIGH3 gene mutations
tgfbi	GAD_DISEASE:Corneal Dystrophies, Hereditary|
tgfbi	GAD_DISEASE:Lattice corneal dystrophy type 1
tgfbi	GAD_DISEASE:corneal dystrophies
tgfbi	GAD_DISEASE:granular corneal dystrophy
trpm7	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adenomatous Polyps|Colonic Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms|Hyperplasia|Magnesium Deficiency
tmem43	GAD_DISEASE:arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy/dysplasia
LOC100703660	GAD_DISEASE:arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy/dysplasia
pkp2	GAD_DISEASE:arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy/dysplasia
LOC100707499	GAD_DISEASE:arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy/dysplasia
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Iron Deficiency, Inherited
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Iron-Regulatory Proteins
pcsk7	GAD_DISEASE:Iron-Regulatory Proteins
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:Transferrin
topbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Transferrin
LOC100692078	GAD_DISEASE:Transferrin
srprb	GAD_DISEASE:Transferrin
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:hematocrit
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:hematocrit
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:hematocrit
myb	GAD_DISEASE:hematocrit
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:hematocrit
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:hematocrit
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:hematocrit
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:hemoglobin
LOC100695466	GAD_DISEASE:hemoglobin
trafd1	GAD_DISEASE:hemoglobin
tshz2	GAD_DISEASE:hemoglobin
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:hemoglobin levels
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:iron status and erythrocyte volume
tmprss6	GAD_DISEASE:serum iron concentration
LOC100700105	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic; insulin
LOC100710292	GAD_DISEASE:Arthrogryposis|Clubfoot|
LOC100705731	GAD_DISEASE:Arthrogryposis|Clubfoot|
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:Kawasaki disease
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Kawasaki disease
naaladl2	GAD_DISEASE:Kawasaki disease
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:affective psychoses autism obsessive compulsive disorder
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism suicide
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:amygdalar and hippocampal volumes
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic-induced adverse reactions
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic-induced adverse reactions
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic-induced adverse reactions
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder suicide
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder suicide
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder suicide
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder unipolar disorder
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:borderline personality disorder and aggression
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:citalopram
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:citalopram
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:citalopram
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:citalopram
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:decision making
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:decision making
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:decision making
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:depression, interferon-induced
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:depression, interferon-induced
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depression, interferon-induced
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:emotion regulation
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:emotion regulation
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:impulsivity; response inhibition
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:monoamine turnover mood disorders suicide
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:negative affective facial stimuli 
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:negative affective facial stimuli 
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:negative affective facial stimuli 
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:negative affective facial stimuli 
LOC100694382	GAD_DISEASE:risk-taking behavior in a gambling task 
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:risk-taking behavior in a gambling task 
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:risk-taking behavior in a gambling task 
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:risk-taking behavior in a gambling task 
LOC100698256	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Myocardial Infarction
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
tp53bp1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Gastroesophageal Reflux|Oesophageal neoplasm
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Gastroesophageal Reflux|Oesophageal neoplasm
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Gastroesophageal Reflux|Oesophageal neoplasm
LOC100711224	GAD_DISEASE:Blue vs green eyes
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Blue vs green eyes
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Blue vs green eyes
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:HDL cholesterol 
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:Overfeeding
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Overfeeding
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Overfeeding
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:body mass insulin waist circumference
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:body mass insulin waist circumference
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; glucose tolerance; insulin; blood pressure; C-peptide; HbA1c
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; insulin; glucose
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin
gng10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin
nr5a1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin
rbp4	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin
arhgef11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin
prkaa2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:hearing impairment
iqgap2	GAD_DISEASE:hearing impairment
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth; obesity; insulin resistance
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:leptin levels
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:leptin levels
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy, diabetic
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy, diabetic
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy, diabetic
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy, diabetic
LOC100534553	GAD_DISEASE:sudden infant death
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:sudden infant death
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Blindness|Retinitis Pigmentosa
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:Leber congenital amaurosis/LCA retinal dystrophy Usher syndrome
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:Leber congenital amaurosis/LCA retinal dystrophy Usher syndrome
LOC100699513	GAD_DISEASE:Leber congenital amaurosis/LCA retinal dystrophy Usher syndrome
rho	GAD_DISEASE:Leber congenital amaurosis/LCA retinal dystrophy Usher syndrome
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness; retinal disease
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:recessive retinitis pigmentosa
ush2a	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa; Usher syndrome
vps13c	GAD_DISEASE:two-hour glucose challenge 
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:two-hour glucose challenge 
adcy5	GAD_DISEASE:two-hour glucose challenge 
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:two-hour glucose challenge 
vegfc	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Bone necrosis|Femur Head Necrosis|Osteonecrosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Bone necrosis|Femur Head Necrosis|Osteonecrosis
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Bone necrosis|Femur Head Necrosis|Osteonecrosis
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Bone necrosis|Femur Head Necrosis|Osteonecrosis
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Bone necrosis|Femur Head Necrosis|Osteonecrosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Intervertebral Disk Displacement|Spinal Osteophytosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Intervertebral Disk Displacement|Spinal Osteophytosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Substance Abuse, Intravenous
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Recurrence
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
odc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|Alveolar Bone Loss|Periodontitis|Periodontitis, Juvenile
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Retinopathy
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Alveolar Bone Loss|Chronic Periodontitis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Alveolar Bone Loss|Periodontal Attachment Loss|Periodontitis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Alveolar Bone Loss|Periodontal Attachment Loss|Tooth Loss
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Alveolar Bone Loss|Periodontitis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Alveolar Bone Loss|Tooth Loss
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Iron-Deficiency|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Reactive|Campylobacter Infections|Salmonella Infections
LOC100703685	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Reactive|Campylobacter Infections|Salmonella Infections
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Osteoporosis|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Osteoporosis|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Ossification of Posterior Longitudinal Ligament
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Vitiligo
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Vitiligo
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Hepatitis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Bacterial Vaginosis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Vaginosis, Bacterial
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Bacterial Vaginosis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Vaginosis, Bacterial
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Bacterial Vaginosis|Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture|Vaginosis, Bacterial
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Fetal Diseases|Nutrition Disorders|Osteoporosis|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|Vitamin D Deficiency
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Spinal Osteophytosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Vitamin D Deficiency
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight. Bone Mineral Density. and Osteoporotic
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Diseases, Developmental|Osteoarthritis, Hip
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Diseases, Metabolic|Osteoporosis|Spondylitis, Ankylosing
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Resorption|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast|Invasive Ductal Breast Carcinoma|Lymphatic Metastasis|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Neoplasm Metastasis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiolitis|Pneumonia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:BsmI vitamin D receptor gene polymorphism
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium Metabolism Disorders
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium Nephrolithiasis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic|Liver neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypercalcemia|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hyperparathyroidism|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Insulin Resistance|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Obesity
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Kidney Failure|Uremia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Vitamin D Deficiency
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Neuropathies|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Difference in height
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Graft vs Host Disease|Inflammation|Leukemia|Liver Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Graft vs Host Disease|Inflammation|Leukemia|Liver Diseases
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Dwarfism, Pituitary|Pituitary dwarfism|Turner Syndrome|XO syndrome
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Dwarfism, Pituitary|Pituitary dwarfism|Turner Syndrome|XO syndrome
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:End Stage Renal Disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Osteoporosis|Spinal Injuries
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Stress
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher Disease|Osteoporosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Grave`s disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|Thyroiditis, Autoimmune
tg	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|Thyroiditis, Autoimmune
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:HTLV-I Infections|Paraparesis, Tropical Spastic|Tropical Spastic Paraparesis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hashimoto Disease
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:Hashimoto Disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercalcemia|Sarcoidosis, Pulmonary
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Hypophosphatemic Rickets, X-Linked Dominant
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Osteoporosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Degeneration|Intervertebral Disk Displacement
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Keratosis|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Calculi
LOC100704979	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Calculi
LOC100689743	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Calculi
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Calculi
cldn14	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Calculi
LOC100709804	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Calculi
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Calculi
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Calculi|Recurrence
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Calculi|Recurrence
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Lithiasis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Urolithiasis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic|Periodontitis
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic|Periodontitis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Lead Poisoning
alad	GAD_DISEASE:Lead Poisoning
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lead Poisoning
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases|Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare Infection|Mycobacterium Infections
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Menopause, Premature
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Ossification of Posterior Longitudinal Ligament
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Ossification of Posterior Longitudinal Ligament
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Ossification of Posterior Longitudinal Ligament
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Ossification of Posterior Longitudinal Ligament|Ossification, Heterotopic
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Ossification of Posterior Longitudinal Ligament|Ossification, Heterotopic
col6a1	GAD_DISEASE:Ossification of Posterior Longitudinal Ligament|Ossification, Heterotopic
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Osteomalacia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Primary Biliary Cirrhosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Progression to AIDS
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Rickets
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcopenia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcopenia
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcopenia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Cord Diseases|Spondylosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Cord Diseases|Spondylosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberculosis, Spinal
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Urolithiasis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Urolithiasis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin D deficiency rickets
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:benign prostatic hyperplasia and benign prostatic enlargement
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:beta-Thalassemia
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:beta-Thalassemia
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:beta-Thalassemia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:birth height growth to adolescence and adult stature
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:blood lead concentration in children.
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; birth weight; height
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; birth weight; height
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; birth weight; height
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; birth weight; height
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; bone density
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; bone density
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; lipoproteins; blood pressure; CrossLaps, urinary; osteocalcin
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; lipoproteins; blood pressure; CrossLaps, urinary; osteocalcin
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:bone metastases
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:bone remodeling
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer development
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer risk
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:calcific aortic valve stenosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:calcium
casr	GAD_DISEASE:calcium
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:calcium nephrolithiasis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:calcium oxalate stone disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:calcium oxalate stone formation
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:chronic periodontitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:chronic periodontitis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:chronic periodontitis 
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:chronic periodontitis 
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:chronic renal failure.
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, biliary primary; liver disease
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:combined bone mass
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:creatinine kidney function lead toxicity
alad	GAD_DISEASE:creatinine kidney function lead toxicity
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:dengue hemorrhagic fever
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:disc degeneration, intervertebral
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:disc degeneration, intervertebral
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:disc degeneration, intervertebral
col9a3	GAD_DISEASE:disc degeneration, intervertebral
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:disc degeneration, intervertebral
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:early osteoarthritis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:extracellular magnesium concentration
casr	GAD_DISEASE:extracellular magnesium concentration
LOC100711567	GAD_DISEASE:extracellular magnesium concentration
gfm1	GAD_DISEASE:extracellular magnesium concentration
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:fat-free mass and sarcopenia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal toxicity leukemia
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal toxicity leukemia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:height in children
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:hematopoietic outcomes, lead exposure related; lead
alad	GAD_DISEASE:hematopoietic outcomes, lead exposure related; lead
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B Virus infection
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:hyperthyroidism
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic osteoarthritis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:lead and mercury metabolism
alad	GAD_DISEASE:lead and mercury metabolism
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:lead and mercury metabolism
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:lead nephrotoxicity
alad	GAD_DISEASE:lead nephrotoxicity
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:leisure physical activity
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:leprosy type
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:metastatic breast cancer
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:occupational exposure in lumbar disc degeneration
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:occupational exposure in lumbar disc degeneration
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthritis; hip dysplasia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal; osteopenia
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:periodontitis, early-onset
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:prevalence and severity of CAD
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer   | breast cancer   
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer   | breast cancer   
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer   | breast cancer   
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer   | breast cancer   
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer   | breast cancer   
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary tuberculosis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary tuberculosis
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative calcaneal ultrasound
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative calcaneal ultrasound
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:radiographic osteoarthritis at the knee
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:rickets
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:serum total and ionized calcium concentration
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:sex-dependent growth
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:urinary infection
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:urinary stone
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:vertebral fracture
LOC100695813	GAD_DISEASE:zinc; lead toxicity; height; weight
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebellar Neoplasms|Hemangioblastoma|von Hippel-Lindau Disease
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Chuvash-type congenital polycythemia
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a|Paraganglioma|von Hippel-Lindau Disease
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a|Paraganglioma|von Hippel-Lindau Disease
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:Renal cell carcinoma
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal carcinoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal carcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal carcinoma
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal carcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal carcinoma
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:congenital polycythemia.
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:non-papillary renal cell carcinomas
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:polycythemia
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:renal cancer
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:retinal hemangioblastomas
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:von Hippel-Lindau Disease
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:von Hippel-Lindau Disease|Von Hippel-Lindau Syndrome
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:von Hippel-Lindau syndrome (VHL).
vhl	GAD_DISEASE:von Hippel-Lindau type 2A
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Intolerance|Prediabetic State
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder
wfs1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; bipolar disorder
LOC100703873	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1; blood pressure, arterial; nephropathy in other diseases
xylt2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1; blood pressure, arterial; nephropathy in other diseases
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
zfhx3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Ventricular Fibrillation
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Ventricular Fibrillation
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:LDL-cholesterol levels
LOC100694446	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; atherosclerosis
pdpk1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
hras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100691860	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:5-HT1A receptor binding
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:5-HT1A receptor binding
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Panic disorder 
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Panic disorder 
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Panic disorder 
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Premenstrual Syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Premenstrual Syndrome
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:Suicide
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Suicide
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:aggressive behavior anger behavior suicide
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:depression | Bipolar Disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:depression | Bipolar Disorder
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:depression | Bipolar Disorder
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:depression | Bipolar Disorder
tsnax	GAD_DISEASE:depression | Bipolar Disorder
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:disordered eating symptoms
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:frontal brain electrical asymmetry
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:frontal brain electrical asymmetry
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:frontal brain electrical asymmetry
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:hostility personality traits
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:hostility personality traits
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:medication overuse headache
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:medication overuse headache
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:medication overuse headache
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:medication overuse headache
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:medication overuse headache
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine induced psychosis
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine induced psychosis
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:nephritis, lupus
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:nephritis, lupus
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:neuroleptic malignant syndrome
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:neuroleptic malignant syndrome
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:neuroleptic malignant syndrome
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:neuroticism, major depression, and anxiety disorders
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:olanzapine
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:olanzapine
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:olanzapine
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:olanzapine
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:olanzapine
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:olanzapine
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:olanzapine
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder; psychoses; substance abuse
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits suicide
LOC100704763	GAD_DISEASE:suicide | mood disorders
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:suicide | mood disorders
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:suicide | mood disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:suicide | mood disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:suicide | mood disorders
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Nausea|Vomiting
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Nausea|Vomiting
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Dyspepsia
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Dyspepsia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Dyspepsia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Dyspepsia
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Nausea
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Nausea
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Nausea
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Nausea
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:Nausea|Pregnancy Complications
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Nausea|Pregnancy Complications
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:Nausea|Pregnancy Complications
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:clozapine response
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:clozapine response
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:clozapine response
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:depression drug hypersensitivity
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:depression drug hypersensitivity
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:depression drug hypersensitivity
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depression drug hypersensitivity
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:fibromyalgia
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:fibromyalgia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:fibromyalgia
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:harm avoidance
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:harm avoidance
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:harm avoidance
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:harm avoidance
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:nausea
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:nausea
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:nausea
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:nausea
LOC100694536	GAD_DISEASE:nausea; vomiting
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:nausea; vomiting
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Nausea|Vomiting
htr3b	GAD_DISEASE:antiemetic treatment outcome
htr5a	GAD_DISEASE:depression, psychosis and antipsychotic response
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenoleukodystrophy|Demyelinating Diseases|Metabolic Diseases
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenoleukodystrophy|Demyelinating Diseases|Metabolic Diseases
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenoleukodystrophy|Demyelinating Diseases|Metabolic Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenoleukodystrophy|Demyelinating Diseases|Metabolic Diseases
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Fetal Growth Retardation|Placental Insufficiency|Pre-Eclampsia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Fetal Growth Retardation|Placental Insufficiency|Pre-Eclampsia
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|Meningioma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|Meningioma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|Meningioma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|Meningioma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|Meningioma
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities
LOC100692377	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities
bmp5	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities
hoxd11	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities
gsc	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities|
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities|
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities|
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Down Syndrome|Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Down Syndrome|Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Down Syndrome|Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Down Syndrome|Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Down Syndrome|Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Premature Birth|Stroke
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Premature Birth|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Premature Birth|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Premature Birth|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Premature Birth|Stroke
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Premature Birth|Stroke
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Myocardial ischemia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Myocardial ischemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases in Twins|Myocardial ischemia
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Down syndrome
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Down syndrome
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Down syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Down syndrome
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Down syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Down syndrome
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Down syndrome
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal anticonvulsant syndrome
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal anticonvulsant syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal anticonvulsant syndrome
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Defects, Congenital|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Homocysteine
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:Homocysteine
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Homocysteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Homocysteine
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Phenylketonurias|Vitamin B Deficiency
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Phenylketonurias|Vitamin B Deficiency
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Phenylketonurias|Vitamin B Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Phenylketonurias|Vitamin B Deficiency
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Pre-Eclampsia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Pre-Eclampsia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Pre-Eclampsia
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma, T-Cell
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma, T-Cell
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, T-Cell
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, T-Cell
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:altered B vitamin/thiol metabolism
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; homocysteine
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; homocysteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; homocysteine
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:betaine choline creatinine cystathionine cysteine dimethyglycine folate homocysteine methionine methylmalonic acid vitamin B12 vitamin B2 vitamin B6
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:betaine choline creatinine cystathionine cysteine dimethyglycine folate homocysteine methionine methylmalonic acid vitamin B12 vitamin B2 vitamin B6
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:betaine choline creatinine cystathionine cysteine dimethyglycine folate homocysteine methionine methylmalonic acid vitamin B12 vitamin B2 vitamin B6
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:betaine choline creatinine cystathionine cysteine dimethyglycine folate homocysteine methionine methylmalonic acid vitamin B12 vitamin B2 vitamin B6
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:betaine choline creatinine cystathionine cysteine dimethyglycine folate homocysteine methionine methylmalonic acid vitamin B12 vitamin B2 vitamin B6
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:betaine choline creatinine cystathionine cysteine dimethyglycine folate homocysteine methionine methylmalonic acid vitamin B12 vitamin B2 vitamin B6
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:embryo selection
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:embryo selection
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:embryo selection
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; gastric cardia cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; gastric cardia cancer
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:folate homocysteine vitamin B12
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:folate homocysteine vitamin B12
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:folate homocysteine vitamin B12
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:genotoxicity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:genotoxicity
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:hyperhomocystinemia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:hyperhomocystinemia
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:hyperhomocystinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:hyperhomocystinemia
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:late-onset vascular disease
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; homocysteine
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; homocysteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; homocysteine
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
ppp1r13l	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:multiple myeloma
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:placental abruption
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:placental abruption
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:placental abruption
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma folate vitamin B12 homocyst(e)ine and colorectal cancer risk
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma homocysteine
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma homocysteine
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:plasma homocysteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma homocysteine
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:reduced sperm counts
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:reduced sperm counts
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:reduced sperm counts
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:serum folate and serum total homocysteine
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:serum folate and serum total homocysteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:serum folate and serum total homocysteine
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous; heart anomalies, congenital; neural tube defects; cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate; omphalocele
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous; heart anomalies, congenital; neural tube defects; cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate; omphalocele
mtrr	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous; hyperhomocystinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous; hyperhomocystinemia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease|ParkinsonQs disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease|ParkinsonQs disease
nedd9	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease|ParkinsonQs disease
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Bladder Neoplasm|Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Bladder Neoplasm|Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Central Nervous System Tumors|Lymphoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Folic Acid Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Folic Acid Deficiency
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Folic Acid Deficiency
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage associated with exposure to air pollution
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage associated with exposure to air pollution
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage associated with exposure to air pollution
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage associated with exposure to air pollution
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage associated with exposure to air pollution
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Edema|Malnutrition
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Edema|Malnutrition
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Edema|Malnutrition
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hearing Loss, Sudden|Sensorineural Hearing Loss|Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hearing Loss, Sudden|Sensorineural Hearing Loss|Vascular Diseases
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Hyperlipidemias
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Hyperlipidemias
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation homocysteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation homocysteine
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; cholesterol, HDL; insulin; folate; homocysteine
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer estrogen progesterone
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer estrogen progesterone
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer estrogen progesterone
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer estrogen progesterone
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer
LOC100694010	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:colon cancer
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenoma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid nodulosis
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, malignant
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, malignant
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma; multiple myeloma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma; multiple myeloma
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; folate; homocysteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; folate; homocysteine
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent cardiovascular event
mtr	GAD_DISEASE:renal graft survival 
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:renal graft survival 
pts	GAD_DISEASE:tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4) deficiency
pts	GAD_DISEASE:tetrahydrobiopterin deficiency
akap10	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval - kidney transplantation
abl1	GAD_DISEASE:clonal evolution of chronic myeloid leukemia
adamts13	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Stroke|Thrombosis
adamts13	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura
adamts13	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Purpura, Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic
adamts13	GAD_DISEASE:arterial thrombosis
LOC100711611	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (time to onset)
LOC100707988	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (time to onset)
LOC102081727	GAD_DISEASE:Cytomegalovirus Vaccines
bbs9	GAD_DISEASE:Cytomegalovirus Vaccines
LOC100695260	GAD_DISEASE:Cytomegalovirus Vaccines
LOC100694510	GAD_DISEASE:Cytomegalovirus Vaccines
ttc7b	GAD_DISEASE:Cytomegalovirus Vaccines
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:body weight height limb length
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:glucose; diabetes, unspecified
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:osteocalcin parathyroid hormone levels
ankh	GAD_DISEASE:osteoprotegerin
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:APC mutations beyond codon 1444
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Barrett Esophagus|Esophageal Neoplasms|Gastroesophageal Reflux|Hyperplasia|Metaplasia|Precancerous Conditions
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Bone Neoplasms|Epidermal Cyst|Gardner Syndrome|GardnerQs Syndrome|Osteoma
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Colorectal Neoplasms
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Colorectal Neoplasms|Intestinal Polyps
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Duodenal Neoplasms|Jejunal Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Fibromatosis, Abdominal
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Syndrome
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Colorectal Neoplasms
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Colonic Polyps|Hyperplasia
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Colonic Polyps|Hyperplasia
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma|Mammary Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma|Mammary Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colonic Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosomal Instability|Colonic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosomal Instability|Colonic Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosomal Instability|Colonic Neoplasms
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Organ Failure|Systemic inflam response synd|Systemic Inflammatory Response Syndrome
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal angiofibroma
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:adenomatous polyposis
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:adenomatous polyposis coli
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:beta-catenin
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:colon adenomas/carcinomas
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenocarcinomas
p53	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal adenocarcinomas
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal polyps
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal polyps
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal tumors
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:decreased apoptotic level
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:desmoid tumors
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:diet lifestyle and risk of colon cancer
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:familial adenomatous polyposis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:familial adenomatous polyposis
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:familial adenomatous polyposis
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:familial adenomatous polyposis.
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:late onset familial adenomatous polyposis
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:late onset of familial adenomatous polyposis
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:oral squamous cell carcinomas
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatoblastomas
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:severe desmoid phenotype
LOC100709462	GAD_DISEASE:sporadic ovarian carcinoma
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:Cholestasis, Intrahepatic|Fibrosis
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:Cholestasis, Intrahepatic|Pregnancy Complications
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Cholestasis, Intrahepatic|Pregnancy Complications
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Cholestasis, Intrahepatic|Pregnancy Complications
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:Cholestasis, Intrahepatic|Pregnancy Complications|Pruritus
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:Cholestasis|
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Liver Diseases
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Liver Diseases
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Liver Diseases
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Liver Diseases
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:cholestasis
atp8b1	GAD_DISEASE:cholestasis
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:cholestasis
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:cholestasis, drug-induced hepatotoxicity
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:cholestasis, drug-induced hepatotoxicity
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, biliary primary; cholangitis, sclerosing
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, biliary primary; cholangitis, sclerosing
LOC100534453	GAD_DISEASE:intrahepatic cholestatis of pregnancy
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypoglycemia
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperinsulinism|Hypoglycemia|Persistent Hyperinsulinemia Hypoglycemia of Infancy
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperinsulinism|Hypoglycemia|Persistent Hyperinsulinemia Hypoglycemia of Infancy
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperinsulinism|Hypoglycemia|Persistent Hyperinsulinemia Hypoglycemia of Infancy
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperinsulinism|Hypoglycemia|Persistent Hyperinsulinemia Hypoglycemia of Infancy
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:Persistent Hyperinsulinemia Hypoglycemia of Infancy
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Persistent Hyperinsulinemia Hypoglycemia of Infancy
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Persistent Hyperinsulinemia Hypoglycemia of Infancy
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:beta-cell function body mass cholesterol, HDL diabetic complications stroke
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; beta-cell function
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; beta-cell function
LOC100702877	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; beta-cell function
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:high insulin concentrations in non-diabetic Mexican Ameri
abcc8	GAD_DISEASE:sulfonylurea or insulin treatment
LOC100691401	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder (broad)
LOC100709535	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder (broad)
slc18a1	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder (broad)
sp4	GAD_DISEASE:major depressive disorder (broad)
atp8b1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit and Disruptive Behavior Disorders
gsx1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit and Disruptive Behavior Disorders
bmt2	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit and Disruptive Behavior Disorders
fstl4	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit and Disruptive Behavior Disorders
LOC100701682	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit and Disruptive Behavior Disorders
pgbd5	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit and Disruptive Behavior Disorders
pawr	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit and Disruptive Behavior Disorders
dmac1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit and Disruptive Behavior Disorders
pitrm1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit and Disruptive Behavior Disorders
rgl1	GAD_DISEASE:Attention Deficit and Disruptive Behavior Disorders
atp8b1	GAD_DISEASE:greenland familial cholestasis
atp2a3	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Nervous System Neoplasms
bspry	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Breakage|Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Translocation, Genetic
bag6	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections|Sepsis
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections|Sepsis
cchcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections|Sepsis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Meningococcal Infections|Sepsis
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Breakage|Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer colorectal cancer stomach cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer colorectal cancer stomach cancer
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer colorectal cancer stomach cancer
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer colorectal cancer stomach cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer colorectal cancer stomach cancer
LOC100710841	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma; nevi
LOC100693700	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive|Pulmonary Emphysema
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive|Pulmonary Emphysema
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive|Pulmonary Emphysema
blm	GAD_DISEASE:Bloom syndrome; FanconiQs anemia
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:Bloom syndrome; FanconiQs anemia
blm	GAD_DISEASE:BloomQs syndrome
blm	GAD_DISEASE:colon polyps; adenomatous polyps
blm	GAD_DISEASE:hematotoxicity
wrap53	GAD_DISEASE:hematotoxicity
p53	GAD_DISEASE:hematotoxicity
bms1	GAD_DISEASE:Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive
dusp10	GAD_DISEASE:Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive
eif2ak3	GAD_DISEASE:Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive
stx6	GAD_DISEASE:Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive
bccip	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Coronary Artery Disease|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Coronary Artery Disease|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Coronary Artery Disease|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100699837	GAD_DISEASE:Silver syndrome
LOC100690323	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Multiple Sclerosis
cd226	GAD_DISEASE:Churg-Strauss Syndrome|Multiple Sclerosis|Wegener Granulomatosis
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Psoriasis
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Fetal Diseases|Malnutrition|Starvation
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Fetal Diseases|Malnutrition|Starvation
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Fetal Diseases|Malnutrition|Starvation
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Fetal Diseases|Malnutrition|Starvation
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Fetal Diseases|Malnutrition|Starvation
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Fetal Diseases|Malnutrition|Starvation
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|
hhex	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|
cdkal1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Cystic Fibrosis|Echogenic Bowel|Fetal Diseases
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms|Pancreatitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Pancreatitis, Alcoholic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchiectasis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Chromosome Deletion|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia|Sex Chromosome Aberrations
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Cystic Fibrosis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:BILIARY CIRRHOSIS|Cholangitis, Sclerosing|Cystic Fibrosis|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Bacterial Infections|Burkholderia Infections|Cystic Fibrosis|Pseudomonas Infections|Recurrence|Respiratory Tract Infections
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Cystic Fibrosis|Ileus
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Cystic Fibrosis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Cystic Fibrosis|Growth Disorders
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiectasis|Cystic Fibrosis|Pseudomonas Infections|Staphylococcal Infections
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:CFTR mutation spectrum
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:COPD
ace	GAD_DISEASE:COPD
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:COPD
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Child Nutrition Disorders|Cystic Fibrosis|Pseudomonas Infections|Respiratory Tract Infections
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholangitis, Sclerosing|
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholangitis, Sclerosing|Cystic Fibrosis|Hepatitis C|Hepatitis, Autoimmune
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cholangitis, Sclerosing|Disease Progression
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Cystic Fibrosis|Klinefelter Syndrome|KlinefelterQs Syndrome|Oligospermia|Sex Chromosome Aberrations|Translocation, Genetic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Diseases|Cystic Fibrosis|
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Bilateral Absence of the Vas Deferens
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cryptorchidism|Oligospermia
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Dental Caries
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Diabetes Complications
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Hyperglycemia
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency|Pancreatitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency|Pseudomonas Infections
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency|Recurrence
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency|Steatorrhea
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Gastrointestinal Diseases
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Growth Disorders|Nutrition Disorders
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Hypersensitivity|Infection|Nasal Polyps|Rhinitis|Sinusitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Ileus|Liver Diseases
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Infertility, Male
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Infertility, Male|Oligospermia
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Intussusception
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Lung Diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Lung Diseases
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Maxillary Sinusitis|Sinusitis, Maxillary
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Pancreatitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Pancreatitis, Chronic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Pancreatitis|Recurrence
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Paranasal Sinus Diseases|Sinus
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Protein-Energy Malnutrition
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Respiratory Tract Diseases
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Rhinitis|Sinusitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Steatorrhea
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Pancreatitis, Alcoholic|Pancreatitis, Chronic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency|Pancreatitis, Alcoholic|Pancreatitis, Chronic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Pancreatitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Primary|Pancreatitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female|Infertility, Male
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male|Sex Chromosome Aberrations
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male|Urogenital Abnormalities
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Lung disease
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Diseases|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms|Pancreatitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis, Alcoholic
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis, Alcoholic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis, Alcoholic|Pancreatitis, Chronic
aven	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis, Alcoholic|Pancreatitis, Chronic
fmn1	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis, Alcoholic|Pancreatitis, Chronic
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis, Alcoholic|Pancreatitis, Chronic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis, Chronic
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis, Chronic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis|Pancreatitis, Alcoholic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Protection against bronchial asthma
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Pseudomonas Infections|Recurrence|Rhinitis|Sinusitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Disease
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis, Pulmonary
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis, Pulmonary
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis, Pulmonary
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis, Pulmonary
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Typhoid Fever
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:Urogenital Abnormalities
snap29	GAD_DISEASE:Urogenital Abnormalities
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis ABPA
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:alpha 1-Antitrypsin Deficiency|Cystic Fibrosis|Mycobacterium Infections
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:atypical sinopulmonary disease
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; cystic fibrosis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:congenital absence of the uterus and vagina
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:congenital bilateral absence of the vas deferens
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis; P. aeruginosa infection
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis; chronic bronchopulmonary diseases; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis; chronic bronchopulmonary diseases; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD; 21-hydroxylase deficiency
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:cystic fibrosis; chronic bronchopulmonary diseases; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD; 21-hydroxylase deficiency
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:elevated sweat chloride concentrations
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreas divisum
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms|Pancreatitis
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis, acute pancreatitis, chronic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis, alcoholic
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis, chronic pancreatitis, recurrent
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis, recurrent
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis; hypertrypsinemia
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:postnatal female survival
cftr	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent or chronic idiopathic pancreatitis
cxadr	GAD_DISEASE:Anterior Wall Myocardial Infarction|Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Disease Susceptibility|Heart Arrest|Myocardial Infarction|Sudden Cardiac Death|Ventricular Fibrillation
cxadr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|Coxsackievirus Infections
cxadr	GAD_DISEASE:adenoviral infection and decreased lung function
itgb5	GAD_DISEASE:adenoviral infection and decreased lung function
LOC100704398	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease
tg	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease
tab2	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease
ptpn21	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease
dab2ip	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|Disease Susceptibility|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
dcc	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis; diabetes, type 1; GravesQ disease
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Disorders|Myotonic Dystrophy
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:Myotonic Dystrophy
clcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Myotonic Dystrophy
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery intima-media thickness; spinocerebellar ataxia; HuntingtonQs disease; myotonic dystrophy
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery intima-media thickness; spinocerebellar ataxia; HuntingtonQs disease; myotonic dystrophy
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:cataract
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:material deprivation social deprivation
dmpk	GAD_DISEASE:myotonic dystrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:myotonic dystrophy
polg	GAD_DISEASE:46, XX Disorders of Sex Development|POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
polg	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosomal Instability|Friedreich Ataxia|
polg	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic progressive external ophthalmoplegia|Ophthalmoplegia, Chronic Progressive External|POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
polg	GAD_DISEASE:Diffuse Cerebral Sclerosis of Schilder|Headache|Seizures|[D]Pain in head NOS
polg	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, male, oligozoospermia, azoospermia
polg	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy; lactic acidosis
polg	GAD_DISEASE:oligoasthenozoospermia
polg	GAD_DISEASE:oligospermia
polg	GAD_DISEASE:progressive external ophthalmoplegia
LOC100711736	GAD_DISEASE:maculopathy
hmcn1	GAD_DISEASE:maculopathy
lamc1	GAD_DISEASE:maculopathy
emsy	GAD_DISEASE:Atopic dermatitis
emc2	GAD_DISEASE:tau Proteins
LOC100698253	GAD_DISEASE:tau Proteins
marco	GAD_DISEASE:tau Proteins
nyap2	GAD_DISEASE:tau Proteins
upp2	GAD_DISEASE:tau Proteins
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|DNA Damage|Pancreatic Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|DNA Damage|Pancreatic Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|DNA Damage|Pancreatic Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|DNA Damage|Pancreatic Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|DNA Damage|Pancreatic Neoplasms
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; bladder cancer; radiotherapy
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; bladder cancer; radiotherapy
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; bladder cancer; radiotherapy
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; bladder cancer; radiotherapy
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; bladder cancer; radiotherapy
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; bladder cancer; radiotherapy
ercc4	GAD_DISEASE:radiation toxicity
ehf	GAD_DISEASE:Antipsychotic Agents
cth	GAD_DISEASE:Antipsychotic Agents
eya1	GAD_DISEASE:sleepiness
LOC100709495	GAD_DISEASE:otitis media
frmd4a	GAD_DISEASE:RR interval (heart rate)
LOC100708145	GAD_DISEASE:RR interval (heart rate)
adgrd1	GAD_DISEASE:RR interval (heart rate)
LOC100691860	GAD_DISEASE:RR interval (heart rate)
ftsj1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation, X-Linked
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation, X-Linked
ftsj1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation, X-Linked|Syndrome
LOC100706143	GAD_DISEASE:Conjunctival Neoplasms|melanoma|Melanosis|Nevus, Pigmented|Uveal Neoplasms
LOC100706143	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Neoplasms
LOC100706143	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Uveal Neoplasms
LOC100706143	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases
pde8b	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases
tg	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases
pde10a	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases
LOC100706143	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Nevus|Nevus, Blue|Uveal Neoplasms
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adenoma, Oxyphilic|Carcinoma, Papillary|Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Papillary and follicular adenocarcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Carcinoma, Papillary|Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Papillary and follicular adenocarcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Chronic Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Chronic Disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Chronic Disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Chronic Disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Chronic Disease
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Heart Failure
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Heart Failure
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Myocardial ischemia
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Hypertension
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Hypertension
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Hypertension
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Hypertension
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hypertension|Macular Degeneration|Prostatic Neoplasms
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hypertension|Macular Degeneration|Prostatic Neoplasms
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hypertension|Macular Degeneration|Prostatic Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hypertension|Macular Degeneration|Prostatic Neoplasms
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hypertension|Macular Degeneration|Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Autonomic Nervous System Diseases|Syncope, Vasovagal
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Autonomic Nervous System Diseases|Syncope, Vasovagal
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Autonomic Nervous System Diseases|Syncope, Vasovagal
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Weight Gain
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Hypertension|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Carotid Stenosis
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Recurrence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Recurrence
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic B-Cell Leukemias|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrization|Kidney Diseases|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrization|Kidney Diseases|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrization|Kidney Diseases|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrization|Kidney Diseases|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Cluster Headache
hcrtr2	GAD_DISEASE:Cluster Headache
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Neuropathies|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Dizziness|Syncope
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Dyspepsia|Gastroesophageal Reflux|Irritable Bowel Syndrome
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma
ssbp2	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides
ddr1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP Syndrome|Pre-Eclampsia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP Syndrome|Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP Syndrome|Pre-Eclampsia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP Syndrome|Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|HIV Infections|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Substance Abuse, Intravenous
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Myocardial Infarction
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Myocardial Infarction
ldlrap1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Metabolic Syndrome X
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Metabolic Syndrome X
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Metabolic Syndrome X
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Ischemia
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Ischemia
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Ischemia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperuricemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperuricemia
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Opioid-Related Disorders|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Seasonal affective disorder
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:Venous response to nitroglycerin
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:acetylcholine responsiveness
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:arterial wall changes
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial diuretic effects heart rate hypokalemia
add1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial diuretic effects heart rate hypokalemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial diuretic effects heart rate hypokalemia
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; glucose tolerance; insulin; lipids; blood pressure, arterial; heart rate; autonomic nervous system
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; hypertension; insulin sensitivity
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:carotid intima-media thickness
add1	GAD_DISEASE:carotid intima-media thickness
ace	GAD_DISEASE:carotid intima-media thickness
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:carotid intima-media thickness
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:carotid intima-media thickness
agt	GAD_DISEASE:carotid intima-media thickness
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:clozapine-schizophrenics
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery vasoconstriction.
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery vasoconstriction.
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:depression and response to antidepressant treatment
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:elite athletes
ace	GAD_DISEASE:elite athletes
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:elite athletes
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:enhanced atrial inward rectifier potassium currents
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:erectile dysfunction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:erectile dysfunction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:erectile dysfunction
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:grade II hypertension
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension and left ventricular mass
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension and obesity
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; insulin; obesity
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; obesity
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; obesity
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; obesity
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; obesity; blood pressure, arterial; blood and blood forming organ disorders
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:major and bipolar depressives
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:major and bipolar depressives
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:major and bipolar depressives
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; diabetes, unspecified
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:overweight
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:peak oxygen consumption
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:radial artery hypertrophy
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:reduced kidney allograft survival
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:renal transplant rejection
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:renin activity; aldosterone
add1	GAD_DISEASE:renin activity; aldosterone
ace	GAD_DISEASE:renin activity; aldosterone
agt	GAD_DISEASE:renin activity; aldosterone
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:renin activity; aldosterone
uba1	GAD_DISEASE:renin activity; aldosterone
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:serum potassium and total cholesterol levels but not
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:sexual side-effects
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:sexual side-effects
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:unexplained (functional) dyspepsia.
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:vascular response
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:vascular response
LOC100691200	GAD_DISEASE:vasoconstriction, coronary
LOC100710479	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung Disease|Hydronephrosis|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung Disease|Hydronephrosis|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung Disease|Hydronephrosis|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
LOC100704908	GAD_DISEASE:iloperidone
LOC100690133	GAD_DISEASE:iloperidone
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:iloperidone
npas3	GAD_DISEASE:iloperidone
tnr	GAD_DISEASE:iloperidone
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Craniofacial Abnormalities|Mouth Abnormalities|Pallister-Hall syndrome|Polydactyly|Syndactyly
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Hamartoma|Hypothalamic Diseases
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:anorectal malformations
shh	GAD_DISEASE:anorectal malformations
gli3	GAD_DISEASE:talipes equinovarus
hoxd10	GAD_DISEASE:talipes equinovarus
hoxd12	GAD_DISEASE:talipes equinovarus
hace1	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid stimulating hormone
LOC100692884	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid stimulating hormone
LOC102080083	GAD_DISEASE:Ocular Physiological Phenomena
LOC100696776	GAD_DISEASE:Ocular Physiological Phenomena
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:Ocular Physiological Phenomena
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Ocular Physiological Phenomena
cdyl	GAD_DISEASE:Ocular Physiological Phenomena
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Chronic renal failure|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Glycosuria|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Proteinuria
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Inflammation
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Ketoacidosis
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pdx1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100704607	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Inflammation|Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus (disorder)
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Intolerance
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Intolerance
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Intolerance
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertriglyceridemia
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus (disorder)
med1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus (disorder)
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Familial liver adenomatosis
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:MODY3 (Mature Onset Diabetes of the young
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:Polysaccharides
fut8	GAD_DISEASE:Polysaccharides
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:amino acid disorder
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:aminoaciduria; glucosuria
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes
ins	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes
LOC100708704	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, NOS
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 | metabolic syndrome
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; MODY
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; glucose tolerance; metabolic syndrome
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:gamma Glutamyltransferase
LOC100703653	GAD_DISEASE:gamma Glutamyltransferase
LOC100692806	GAD_DISEASE:gamma Glutamyltransferase
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level.
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases; diabetes
hnf1a	GAD_DISEASE:reduced serum C-peptide and insulin responses to an oral glucose challenge
hps4	GAD_DISEASE:colitis
hps1	GAD_DISEASE:colitis
hps5	GAD_DISEASE:Acute-Phase Serum Amyloid A
gtf2h1	GAD_DISEASE:Acute-Phase Serum Amyloid A
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Acute-Phase Serum Amyloid A
hps5	GAD_DISEASE:Serum Amyloid A Protein
hras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Carcinoma|Common Bile Duct Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Carcinoma|Common Bile Duct Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Carcinoma|Common Bile Duct Neoplasms
hras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Neoplasm Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Neoplasm Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Neoplasm Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Neoplasm Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Neoplasm Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Neoplasm Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
hras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
hras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Papillary|Necrosis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Papillary|Necrosis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Papillary|Necrosis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Papillary|Necrosis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Papillary|Necrosis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Papillary|Necrosis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
hras	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Stomach Neoplasms
hras	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms
hras	GAD_DISEASE:H-ras allele loss
hras	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoma
hras	GAD_DISEASE:adenocarcinomas of the parotid gland
hras	GAD_DISEASE:anomalous connection of pancreatobiliary ducts
hras	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal carcinomas
hras	GAD_DISEASE:nodular type of malignant melanoma
hras	GAD_DISEASE:patient prognosis A retrospective study of 103 cases
hras	GAD_DISEASE:schistosomiasis
hras	GAD_DISEASE:tumor progression of BCR/ABL negative chronic myeloproliferative disorders
p53	GAD_DISEASE:tumor progression of BCR/ABL negative chronic myeloproliferative disorders
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Age-related macular degeneration (wet)
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Angiomatosis|Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Blind Vision|Blindness|Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroid Diseases|Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroid Diseases|Macular Degeneration|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
nelfe	GAD_DISEASE:Choroid Diseases|Macular Degeneration|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Geographic Atrophy|Macular Degeneration
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroidal Neovascularization|Macular Degeneration|Retinal Drusen
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroiditis|Macular Degeneration
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Geographic Atrophy|Macular Degeneration|Retinal Drusen
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:Macular Degeneration|Neovascularization, Pathologic
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:age-related macular degeneration
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:age-related macular degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:age-related macular degeneration
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:choroidal neovascularization
htra1	GAD_DISEASE:spinal disc degeneration
LOC100700683	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette Syndrome
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette Syndrome
LOC100711592	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette Syndrome
itga1	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette Syndrome
robo3	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette Syndrome
robo4	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette Syndrome
LOC100708927	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette Syndrome
fgf10	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette Syndrome
slitrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette Syndrome
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Iron-Deficiency|Polycythemia Vera
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Refractory|Anemia, Sideroblastic|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Thrombocytosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Stroke|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Stroke|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Stroke|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari Syndrome|Myeloproliferative Disorders
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari Syndrome|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari Syndrome|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari Syndrome|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari Syndrome|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari syndrome hematology indices polycythemia vera
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Leucocytosis|Leukemia|Leukocytosis|Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Vascular Diseases
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Leukemia|Myelofibrosis|Primary Myelofibrosis|Splenomegaly
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Trisomy
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, Inborn|Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability|Myeloproliferative Disorders
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms|Myeloproliferative Disorders
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms|Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Thrombosis|Vascular Diseases
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Leucocytosis|Leukocytosis|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic|Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Polycythemia Vera|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Thrombocythemia, Essential
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic|Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Leukocytosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocytosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large-Cell, Immunoblastic|Mediastinal Neoplasms
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Neoplasms|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Neovascularization, Pathologic
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Polycythemia Vera
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Polycythemia|Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocytosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic|Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Neovascularization, Pathologic|Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia Vera
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia Vera(C15.378.190.636.753)/enzymology|Polycythemia(C15.378.738)/enzymology
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia|Polycythemia Vera
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications|Thrombocythemia, Essential
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Primary Myelofibrosis
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Primary Myelofibrosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Primary Myelofibrosis|Recurrence
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Primary Myelofibrosis|Recurrence|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombocythemia, Essential
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombocytosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Venous Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral venous thrombosis pulmonary embolism retinal vascular occlusion thrombosis, deep vein
f5	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral venous thrombosis pulmonary embolism retinal vascular occlusion thrombosis, deep vein
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral venous thrombosis pulmonary embolism retinal vascular occlusion thrombosis, deep vein
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral venous thrombosis venous thrombosis, splanchnic
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:erythrocytosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis polycythemia vera splenomegaly thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss thrombocythemia
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:intra-abdominal thromboses
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:leucocytosis myelofibrosis polycythemia vera splenomegaly thrombocythemia thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, acute myelogenous
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:myelofibrosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:myelofibrosis myeloproliferative disorder polycythemia vera thrombocythemia
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:myeloproliferative disease
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:myeloproliferative disease
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:myeloproliferative disorders
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:myeloproliferative disorders
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:myeloproliferative neoplasms
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:polycythemia vera
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:polycythemia vera thrombocythemia
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:splanchnic vein thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:splanchnic vein thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:splanchnic vein thrombosis
LOC100710044	GAD_DISEASE:thrombocythemia
LOC102077381	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslexia|reading|normal variation
LOC102077381	GAD_DISEASE:Response to radiation
ndufaf6	GAD_DISEASE:Response to radiation
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Response to radiation
LOC100702111	GAD_DISEASE:Response to radiation
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Response to radiation
sem1	GAD_DISEASE:Response to radiation
vrk1	GAD_DISEASE:Response to radiation
LOC102077381	GAD_DISEASE:reading disabilities
LOC100699377	GAD_DISEASE:reading disabilities
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:IgE
nr2c1	GAD_DISEASE:IgE
ada	GAD_DISEASE:IgE
kitlg	GAD_DISEASE:Testicular cancer
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Fatty Liver|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Vulgaris
LOC100707469	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer prostatic hyperplasia
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Bronchiolo-Alveolar|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Bronchiolo-Alveolar|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|Lung Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|Lung Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|Lung Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Adenocarcinoma, Bronchiolo-Alveolar|Adenocarcinoma, Mucinous|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Adenocarcinoma, Bronchiolo-Alveolar|Adenocarcinoma, Mucinous|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Adenocarcinoma, Mucinous|Colonic Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Adenomatosis, Pulmonary|Hyperplasia|Lung Neoplasms
lrmp	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Adenomatosis, Pulmonary|Hyperplasia|Lung Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Adenosquamous|Pancreatic Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Adenosquamous|Pancreatic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Giant Cell|Carcinoma, Large Cell|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Giant Cell|Carcinoma, Large Cell|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Colorectal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Squamous cell carcinoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Common Bile Duct Neoplasms|Pancreatic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Pancreatic Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Pancreatic Neoplasms
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|Pancreatic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Colorectal Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Paranasal Sinus Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Liver Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Liver Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Rectal Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Rectal Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Endometrial Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Neoplasm Invasiveness
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Endometrial Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Neoplasm Invasiveness
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Microsatellite Instability
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Microsatellite Instability
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Colonic Polyps|Dilatation, Pathologic|Eosinophilia|Hyperplasia|Precancerous Conditions
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Colonic Polyps|Dilatation, Pathologic|Eosinophilia|Hyperplasia|Precancerous Conditions
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Colonic Polyps|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|Precancerous Conditions
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Colonic Polyps|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|Precancerous Conditions
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Anus Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Squamous cell carcinoma|Tonsillar Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Anus Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Squamous cell carcinoma|Tonsillar Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasm|Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Cholangiocarcinoma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasm|Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Cholangiocarcinoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Endometrioid|Endometrial Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Endometrioid|Endometrial Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Endometrioid|Endometrial Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
atr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Endometrioid|Endometrial Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Diarrhea|Esophageal Neoplasms|Nausea|Neutropenia
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Gingival Neoplasms|Mandibular Neoplasms|Maxillary Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Tongue Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Gingival Neoplasms|Mandibular Neoplasms|Maxillary Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Tongue Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Gingival Neoplasms|Mandibular Neoplasms|Maxillary Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Tongue Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms
smad7	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms
LOC100695554	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colonic Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colonic Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colonic Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy|Noonan Syndrome|Pulmonary Valve Stenosis|Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy|Noonan Syndrome|Pulmonary Valve Stenosis|Syndrome|TurnerQs phenotype, karyotype normal
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosomal Instability|Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Microsatellite Instability
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosomal Instability|Immunologic Deficiency Syndromes|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Microsatellite Instability
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
rasa1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|Pancreatic Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|Pancreatic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Rectal Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Rectal Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Microsatellite Instability|Rectal Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Microsatellite Instability|Rectal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Microsatellite Instability|Rectal Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Cystadenocarcinoma, Mucinous|Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Cystadenocarcinoma, Mucinous|Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Cystadenocarcinoma, Mucinous|Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cystadenocarcinoma, Mucinous|Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|Ovarian Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|Ovarian Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|Ovarian Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Hyperplasia|Endometrial Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Neoplasms, Glandular and Epithelial|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Neoplasms, Glandular and Epithelial|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Exanthema|Neoplasm Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Rectal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Rectal Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Liver neoplasms|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Glandular and Epithelial
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Glandular and Epithelial
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Microsatellite Instability|Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Microsatellite Instability|Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Testicular Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Microsatellite Instability|Rectal Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Microsatellite Instability|Rectal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Microsatellite Instability|Rectal Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Metastasis|Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms|Recurrence
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Nerve Sheath Neoplasms|Neurofibromatosis 1
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Nerve Sheath Neoplasms|Neurofibromatosis 1
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Neoplasms|Pancreatitis, Chronic
kras	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Diseases|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
kras	GAD_DISEASE:activated K-ras gene
kras	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer leukemia lung cancer upper aerodigestive tract cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer leukemia lung cancer upper aerodigestive tract cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer endometrial cancer
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer endometrial cancer
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer endometrial cancer
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer endometrial cancer
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer endometrial cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer | lung cancer 
kras	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; stomach cancer
braf	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; stomach cancer
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; stomach cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:decreased apoptosis.
kras	GAD_DISEASE:longstanding ulcerative colitis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:longstanding ulcerative colitis
kras	GAD_DISEASE:monoclonal gammopathy multiple myeloma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:mucinous ovarian tumor
kras	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic carcinoma
kras	GAD_DISEASE:papillary thyroid cancer
braf	GAD_DISEASE:papillary thyroid cancer
ret	GAD_DISEASE:papillary thyroid cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:primary lung adenocarcinomas
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:primary lung adenocarcinomas
kras	GAD_DISEASE:rectal cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:rectal cancer
atm	GAD_DISEASE:rectal cancer
braf	GAD_DISEASE:rectal cancer
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:rectal cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:rectal cancer
kras	GAD_DISEASE:thryoid nodules|Thyroid Nodule
braf	GAD_DISEASE:thryoid nodules|Thyroid Nodule
p53	GAD_DISEASE:thryoid nodules|Thyroid Nodule
kras	GAD_DISEASE:vinyl chloride exposure
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Fractures, Bone
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Hip Fractures|Osteoarthritis|Osteoarthritis, Hip|Osteoarthritis, Knee|Osteoporosis
sost	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Hip Fractures|Osteoarthritis|Osteoarthritis, Hip|Osteoarthritis, Knee|Osteoporosis
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Hip Fractures|Osteoarthritis|Osteoarthritis, Hip|Osteoarthritis, Knee|Osteoporosis
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:Degenerative arthropathy |Hip Fractures|Osteoarthritis|Osteoarthritis, Hip|Osteoarthritis, Knee|Osteoporosis
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Femoral Neck Fractures|Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:bone density vitamin D
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fracture risk
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fracture risk
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:fractures
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:fractures
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Bone Mineral Density
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Bone Mineral Density
sost	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Bone Mineral Density
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Bone Mineral Density
mark3	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|Bone Mineral Density
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:peak bone mass
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:peak bone mass
lrp5	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy
fzd4	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy
lmo2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin lymphoma
lhx2	GAD_DISEASE:Anophthalmos|Microphthalmos
LOC100711859	GAD_DISEASE:Anophthalmos|Microphthalmos
stra6	GAD_DISEASE:Anophthalmos|Microphthalmos
sox2	GAD_DISEASE:Anophthalmos|Microphthalmos
LOC100712477	GAD_DISEASE:Anophthalmos|Microphthalmos
ski	GAD_DISEASE:Anophthalmos|Microphthalmos
LOC100707476	GAD_DISEASE:Anophthalmos|Microphthalmos
LOC100696266	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Ocular Hypertension
LOC100699245	GAD_DISEASE:response to treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia
dgkb	GAD_DISEASE:response to treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia
maip1	GAD_DISEASE:response to treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:response to treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:response to treatment for acute lymphoblastic leukemia
met	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Neoplasms
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Neoplasms
met	GAD_DISEASE:Nasal Polyps|Rhinitis|Sinusitis
met	GAD_DISEASE:Refractive Errors
met	GAD_DISEASE:refractive error and ocular biometrics
mks1	GAD_DISEASE:Meckel syndrome
tmem67	GAD_DISEASE:Meckel syndrome
mks1	GAD_DISEASE:Meckel-Gruber syndrome|Abnormalities, Multiple|Congenital Abnormalities|Polydactyly|Syndrome
mllt10	GAD_DISEASE:Meningioma
nedd4l	GAD_DISEASE:renin activity salt sensitivity
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Chagas cardiomyopathy
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|
clic1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|
nelfe	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|SjogrenQs Syndrome
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria
LOC100711230	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria
tpi	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria
LOC100696005	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive- compulsive disorder 
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive- compulsive disorder 
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive- compulsive disorder 
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive- compulsive disorder 
slc1a1	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive- compulsive disorder 
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis, autoimmune
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:rheumatoid arthritis TakayasuQs arteritis
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:severe ulcerative colitis
nfkbil1	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis; asthma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis; asthma
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis; asthma
nhlrc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lafora Disease
epm2a	GAD_DISEASE:Lafora Disease
nhp2	GAD_DISEASE:aplastic anemia, acquired
sbds	GAD_DISEASE:aplastic anemia, acquired
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:aplastic anemia, acquired
nop10	GAD_DISEASE:aplastic anemia, acquired
dkc1	GAD_DISEASE:aplastic anemia, acquired
tert	GAD_DISEASE:aplastic anemia, acquired
LOC100705220	GAD_DISEASE:hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:hypogonadotropic hypogonadism 
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS-Associated Nephropathy|Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS-Associated Nephropathy|Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:GLOMERULONEPHRITIS MEMBRANOUS|Glomerulonephritis, Membranous|Haematuria|Hematuria|Proteinuria
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:Ig A nephropathy
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:congenital nephrosis
nphs1	GAD_DISEASE:minimal change nephrotic syndrome
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:minimal change nephrotic syndrome
nploc4	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Color
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Color
ttc3	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Color
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Color
cpsf2	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Color
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Color
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Color
nubp2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin-Like Growth Factor Binding Protein 5
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Autoimmune Diseases|
LOC100707365	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100708854	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
pknox2	GAD_DISEASE:substance dependence
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:substance dependence
pms2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Endometrial Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Endometrial Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Endometrial Neoplasms
pou6f2	GAD_DISEASE:Wilms tumors
qki	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
arx	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
LOC100710070	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
ermp1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
LOC100695568	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
agpat4	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
LOC100691095	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
gpr85	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
cpne8	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
ezr	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
fndc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
rsph3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
LOC100703854	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
LOC100705021	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
LOC100691636	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
runx3	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
tiam2	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
abra	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
pacrg	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
LOC102080396	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
syne1	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
ttc8	GAD_DISEASE:Lipoprotein(a)
rspo3	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Urea Nitrogen
LOC100693008	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Urea Nitrogen
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Urea Nitrogen
LOC100699836	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (age of onset)
wdr7	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (age of onset)
LOC100701993	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (age of onset)
reln	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (age of onset)
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (age of onset)
axdnd1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (age of onset)
rfk	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis (age of onset)
rab3il1	GAD_DISEASE:Sphingolipids
atp10d	GAD_DISEASE:Sphingolipids
tent4a	GAD_DISEASE:Sphingolipids
tm4sf5	GAD_DISEASE:Sphingolipids
LOC100710134	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Neoplasms|Radiation Injuries
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Neoplasms|Radiation Injuries
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Neoplasms|Radiation Injuries
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Neoplasms|Radiation Injuries
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Neoplasms|Radiation Injuries
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Neoplasms|Radiation Injuries
rad23b	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|
ccnh	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|
rad50	GAD_DISEASE:serum IgE levels
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosomal Instability|Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|Ovarian Neoplasms
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial adenocarcinoma
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:gliomas
p53	GAD_DISEASE:gliomas
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:isolated unilateral retinoblastoma
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:retinoblastoma
rb1	GAD_DISEASE:retinoblastoma is associated
polr3b	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive test performance
ppm1e	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive test performance
rfx4	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive test performance
tarbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive test performance
ncapd3	GAD_DISEASE:Cognitive test performance
LOC100701657	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Vein
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Vein
vta1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Vein
arhgap12	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
LOC100708638	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
cul2	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
ccny	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
LOC100694393	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
LOC100706139	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
mtpap	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
map3k8	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
svil	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
zeb1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac stroke volume to regular exercise
arhgap26	GAD_DISEASE:Peroxidase
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Peroxidase
sema5a	GAD_DISEASE:Peroxidase
bfsp1	GAD_DISEASE:Peroxidase
col10a1	GAD_DISEASE:Peroxidase
msrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Peroxidase
sh3glb1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Large Cell|Colorectal Neoplasms|Leukemia, Lymphoid|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100708243	GAD_DISEASE:Holoprosencephaly
LOC100693777	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease   | colorectal cancer  
scaf4	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Retinopathy|Disease Progression
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Retinopathy|Disease Progression
scap	GAD_DISEASE:body mass cholesterol cholesterol, LDL glucose insulin lipids
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:body mass cholesterol cholesterol, LDL glucose insulin lipids
sox17	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Intracranial Aneurysm
stard13	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Intracranial Aneurysm
sox17	GAD_DISEASE:intracranial aneurysm
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:intracranial aneurysm
LOC100701219	GAD_DISEASE:cervical carcinoma.
LOC100693800	GAD_DISEASE:Cytochrome-c Oxidase Deficiency|Leigh Disease
LOC100693800	GAD_DISEASE:Leigh syndrome and cytochrome C oxidase deficiency
LOC100693800	GAD_DISEASE:deficient cytochrome c oxidase assembly
tbx1	GAD_DISEASE:DiGeorge syndrome
tbx1	GAD_DISEASE:congenital heart defects
tbx21	GAD_DISEASE:asthma phenotypes
tbx3	GAD_DISEASE:Tyrosine
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Septal Defects, Ventricular
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Heart-Hand Syndrome, Holt-Oram Syndrome
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Holt-Oram Syndrome
LOC100698703	GAD_DISEASE:Holt-Oram syndrome
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:Atherothrombosis
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperprothrombinemia
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:cancer; thromboembolism, venous
f5	GAD_DISEASE:cancer; thromboembolism, venous
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:cancer; thromboembolism, venous
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cancer; thromboembolism, venous
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:microangiopathy, thrombotic
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary thromboembolism
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary thromboembolism
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary thromboembolism
taf1	GAD_DISEASE:thrombin acthrombin activatable fibrinolysis; inhibitor level
LOC100708442	GAD_DISEASE:Retinopathy of Prematurity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Retinopathy of Prematurity
serpinf1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinopathy of Prematurity
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Retinopathy of Prematurity
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinopathy of Prematurity
fzd4	GAD_DISEASE:Retinopathy of Prematurity
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Retinopathy of Prematurity
epo	GAD_DISEASE:Retinopathy of Prematurity
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Retinopathy of Prematurity
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Neuropathies|
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea|Escherichia coli Infections|Inflammation
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher disease
ugcg	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher disease
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:aortic calcification atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:arthroplasty failure
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:arthroplasty failure
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:bone density fracture risk
sema7a	GAD_DISEASE:bone density fracture risk
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporotic fractures
LOC102081429	GAD_DISEASE:vascular function; vascular morphology
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Agammaglobulinemia
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Common Variable Immunodeficiency
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Common Variable Immunodeficiency
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Common Variable Immunodeficiency|Respiratory Tract Infections
tnfrsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysm, intracranial
LOC100707781	GAD_DISEASE:chronic lymphocytic leukaemia; Waldenstrom macroglobulinaemia
LOC100704495	GAD_DISEASE:Tuberous sclerosis 1
LOC100691403	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Head and Neck Neoplasms
wdr36	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Myocardial Infarction
myb	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Myocardial Infarction
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Myocardial Infarction
wdr36	GAD_DISEASE:eosinophilic esophagitis (pediatric) 
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:eosinophilic esophagitis (pediatric) 
wdr41	GAD_DISEASE:Caudate Nucleus
wwc1	GAD_DISEASE:Memory Disorders|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
clstn2	GAD_DISEASE:Memory Disorders|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
wwc1	GAD_DISEASE:Memory Disorders|Recurrence
wwc1	GAD_DISEASE:memory disturbance
LOC100695178	GAD_DISEASE:memory disturbance
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:memory disturbance
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:memory disturbance
ncstn	GAD_DISEASE:memory disturbance
wwox	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiac structure and function
slc25a46	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiac structure and function
cep85l	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiac structure and function
LOC100703311	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiac structure and function
slc35f1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiac structure and function
pln	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiac structure and function
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:1-hydroxypyrene, urinary Cytogenetic studies
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:1-hydroxypyrene, urinary Cytogenetic studies
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:1-hydroxypyrene, urinary Cytogenetic studies
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Barrett Esophagus|Esophageal Neoplasms|Esophagitis, Peptic
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Barrett Esophagus|Esophageal Neoplasms|Esophagitis, Peptic
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Barrett Esophagus|Esophageal Neoplasms|Esophagitis, Peptic
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Small Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Small cell carcinoma of lung|Squamous cell carcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Small Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Small cell carcinoma of lung|Squamous cell carcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Heartburn
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Heartburn
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Heartburn
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Heartburn
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male
msh5	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male
mlh3	GAD_DISEASE:Azoospermia|Infertility, Male
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|DNA Damage|Lung Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Skin Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Fibrosis|Mammary Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Fibrosis|Mammary Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Fibrosis|Mammary Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Fibrosis|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Fibrosis|Mammary Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Brill-Symmers disease|Lymphoma, Follicular
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Brill-Symmers disease|Lymphoma, Follicular
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Brill-Symmers disease|Lymphoma, Follicular
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Burkitt Lymphoma|Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Burkitt Lymphoma|Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cocarcinogenesis|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma|Sunburn
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cocarcinogenesis|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma|Sunburn
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|DNA Damage|Liver Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis|Liver Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|DNA Damage|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
mtf1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|DNA Damage|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|DNA Damage|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|DNA Damage|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|DNA Damage|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Squamous cell carcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Laryngeal neoplasm|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Laryngeal neoplasm|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Leukoplakia, Oral|Mouth Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urologic Neoplasms
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urologic Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|DNA Damage|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|DNA Damage|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Laryngeal Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Laryngeal Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract
LOC100699487	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Endometrial Neoplasms|Radiation Injuries|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Endometrial Neoplasms|Radiation Injuries|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Endometrial Neoplasms|Radiation Injuries|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Endometrial Neoplasms|Radiation Injuries|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|DNA Damage
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|DNA Damage
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Neoplasms, Testis|Testicular Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Translocation, Genetic
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Translocation, Genetic
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Translocation, Genetic
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Translocation, Genetic
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Breakage
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Breakage
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cocarcinogenesis|Skin Neoplasms|Sunburn
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|DNA Damage
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|DNA Damage
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Helicobacter Infections|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Helicobacter Infections|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Helicobacter Infections|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Helicobacter Infections|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Lung Neoplasms|Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective|Neoplasm of lung 
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Radiation Injuries
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Radiation Injuries
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Radiation Injuries
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Radiation Injuries
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA repair
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA repair
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA repair
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Oesophageal neoplasm|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Gastric cardia carcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Genomic Instability| DNA repair
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Acute, L1|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Acute, L1|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Acute, L1|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Leukemias, Acute Myeloblastic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Leukemias, Acute Myeloblastic
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Leukemias, Acute Myeloblastic
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Leukemias, Acute Myeloblastic
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Neoplasms, Second Primary
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Neoplasms, Second Primary
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Neoplasms, Second Primary
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukoplakia, Oral|Mouth Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukoplakia, Oral|Mouth Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung (disorder)|Occupational Diseases
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphatic Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphatic Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphatic Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Mesothelioma|Neoplasm of pleura |Pleural Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Mesothelioma|Neoplasm of pleura |Pleural Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Mesothelioma|Neoplasm of pleura |Pleural Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Mesothelioma|Neoplasm of pleura |Pleural Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Micronuclei, Chromosome-Defective
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms|Radiation Pneumonitis
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms|Radiation Pneumonitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms|Radiation Pneumonitis
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms|Xeroderma Pigmentosum
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms|Xeroderma Pigmentosum
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms|Xeroderma Pigmentosum
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:PAH-DNA adducts
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:PAH-DNA adducts
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:PAH-DNA adducts
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:PAH-DNA adducts
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:Salivary Gland Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Salivary Gland Neoplasms
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:acute lymphocytic leukemia|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:acute lymphocytic leukemia|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:benign breast disease breast cancer
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:benign breast disease breast cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer, p53 mutation in
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer, p53 mutation in
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer, p53 mutation in
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:chromosome anomalies DNA damage
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:chromosome anomalies DNA damage
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:chromosome damage
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:chromosome damage
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:chromosome damage DNA damage
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:chromosome damage DNA damage
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity leukemia
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity leukemia
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity leukemia
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity leukemia
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:drug hypersensitivity leukemia
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer; cervical cancer; radiosensitivity, clinical
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer; cervical cancer; radiosensitivity, clinical
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer; cervical cancer; radiosensitivity, clinical
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B-related hepatocellular carcinoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; lung cancer; laryngeal cancer; bladder cancer; oral-pharyngeal cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; lung cancer; laryngeal cancer; bladder cancer; oral-pharyngeal cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; lung cancer; laryngeal cancer; bladder cancer; oral-pharyngeal cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; lung cancer; oropharyngolaryngeal cancers; laryngeal cancer; bladder cancer
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; lung cancer; oropharyngolaryngeal cancers; laryngeal cancer; bladder cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; lung cancer; oropharyngolaryngeal cancers; laryngeal cancer; bladder cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; lung cancer; oropharyngolaryngeal cancers; laryngeal cancer; bladder cancer
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:malignant lymphoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:mutagen sensitivity
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:mutagen sensitivity
blmh	GAD_DISEASE:mutagen sensitivity
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects; cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects; cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects; cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects; cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects; cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects; cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer; leukoplakia
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:radiation sensitivity
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:radiation sensitivity
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy
atm	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy response
atm	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy response
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy response
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy response
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy response
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy response
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy sensitivity
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy sensitivity
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:radiotherapy sensitivity
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:sister-chromatid exchanges
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:sister-chromatid exchanges
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:skin lesions, arsenic-induced
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:skin lesions, arsenic-induced
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:skin lesions, arsenic-induced
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:skin lesions, arsenic-induced
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:skin lesions, arsenic-induced
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:smoking genotoxic effects
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking genotoxic effects
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:smoking genotoxic effects
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:soft tissue sarcoma
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:soft tissue sarcoma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:soft tissue sarcoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:soft tissue sarcoma
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:subcutaneous fibrosis
atm	GAD_DISEASE:subcutaneous fibrosis
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:subcutaneous fibrosis
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:subcutaneous fibrosis
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:subcutaneous fibrosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:subcutaneous fibrosis
xrcc1	GAD_DISEASE:vinyl chloride monomer-exposure
p53	GAD_DISEASE:vinyl chloride monomer-exposure
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; bladder cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; bladder cancer
xrcc2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; skin cancer, non-melanoma
xrcc6	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Deglutition Disorders|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Radiodermatitis
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Deglutition Disorders|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Radiodermatitis
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Deglutition Disorders|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Radiodermatitis
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Deglutition Disorders|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Radiodermatitis
acat1	GAD_DISEASE:Amino acid disorder, NOS|Amino Acid Metabolism, Inborn Errors
LOC100695866	GAD_DISEASE:Amino acid disorder, NOS|Amino Acid Metabolism, Inborn Errors
acat1	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; lipoproteins
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; lipoproteins
LOC100702823	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia
aicda	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. total serum IgE
LOC100698981	GAD_DISEASE:Autistic Disorder
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Autistic Disorder
LOC100694131	GAD_DISEASE:Autistic Disorder
acsbg1	GAD_DISEASE:Exploratory Behavior
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Exploratory Behavior
ap3b1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary lipoprotein
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Vascular Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Vascular Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Vascular Diseases
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypertension
sorl1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypertension
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypertension
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypertension
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypertension
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypertension
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Hypertension
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Essential Hypertension
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced|Pre-Eclampsia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced|Pre-Eclampsia
add1	GAD_DISEASE:IgA nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:IgA nephropathy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:IgA nephropathy
ighmbp2	GAD_DISEASE:IgA nephropathy
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:IgA nephropathy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:IgA nephropathy
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:IgA nephropathy
add1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure
add1	GAD_DISEASE:albuminuria hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:albuminuria hypertension
add1	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; renal disease, end stage
ace	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; renal disease, end stage
agt	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; renal disease, end stage
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; renal disease, end stage
add1	GAD_DISEASE:angiotensinogen hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:angiotensinogen hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:angiotensinogen hypertension
add1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized cardiovascular disease cerebrovascular disease myocardial infarct stroke, ischemic
add1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial intima-media thickness
add1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; nitric oxide production; salt sensitivity
add1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure; hyperlipidemia, familial combined
add1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease; bilirubin
add1	GAD_DISEASE:carotid and femoral artery stiffness
ace	GAD_DISEASE:carotid and femoral artery stiffness
add1	GAD_DISEASE:creatinine; protein excretion, urinary
ace	GAD_DISEASE:creatinine; protein excretion, urinary
add1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 hypertension intima-media thickness mortality
add1	GAD_DISEASE:familial combined hyperlipidemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:familial combined hyperlipidemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:familial combined hyperlipidemia
add1	GAD_DISEASE:gastroschisis
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:gastroschisis
add1	GAD_DISEASE:hematology indices
add2	GAD_DISEASE:hematology indices
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:hematology indices
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:hematology indices
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:hematology indices
add1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, salt sensitive
add1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass; renin activity
add1	GAD_DISEASE:renal disease, end stage
ace	GAD_DISEASE:renal disease, end stage
casr	GAD_DISEASE:renal disease, end stage
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:renal disease, end stage
agt	GAD_DISEASE:renal disease, end stage
add1	GAD_DISEASE:sodium transport rate, erythrocyte
add2	GAD_DISEASE:blood and blood forming organ disorders
add2	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; sodium hemostatis
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100690594	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders|Psychoses, Substance-Induced
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Headache|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome|[D]Pain in head NOS
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Syncope
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:caffeine consumption
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:caffeine-induced anxiety.
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:caffeine-induced anxiety.
LOC100704683	GAD_DISEASE:panic disorder and anxious personality
ak1	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation
ak1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic haemolytic anaemia.
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced|Obesity
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:benign prostatic hypertrophy
LOC100708890	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy|Heart Failure|Myocardial ischemia
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy|Tachycardia, Ventricular
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Myocardial Infarction
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Tachycardia, Ventricular
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Nephrosclerosis
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Occupational Diseases
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Obesity, Morbid
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Obesity, Morbid
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:Tachycardia
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Tachycardia
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:angina, unstable cardiac death cerebrovascular disease, ischemic congestive heart failure heart rate myocardial infarct
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:antihypertensive response to metoprolol.
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:betaxolol hydrochloride efficacy
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; heart rate
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; heart rate
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular response to metoprolol
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:congestive heart failure
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:congestive heart failure
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:congestive heart failure
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular ejection fraction
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular ejection fraction
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular function
LOC100704783	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular function
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular function
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:nonfatal acute myocardial infarction
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:resting heart rate
LOC109198658	GAD_DISEASE:resting heart rate
adrb1	GAD_DISEASE:timolol pharmacokinetics
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:timolol pharmacokinetics
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular disease
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications
pgm3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Ischemic Heart Disease
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes (Retinopathy)
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:antioxidant status
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic retinopathy.
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct stroke, ischemic
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct stroke, ischemic
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct stroke, ischemic
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:natural antibodies
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:natural antibodies
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in diabetes mellitus
LOC100690208	GAD_DISEASE:proteinuria and cardiovascular disease
LOC100701752	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolome
pyroxd2	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolome
alms1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolome
LOC100698670	GAD_DISEASE:Sjogren-Larsson syndrome
LOC100695178	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy, idiopathic generalized epilepsy, juvenile myoclonic
idua	GAD_DISEASE:Hurler syndrome
idua	GAD_DISEASE:mucopolysaccharidosis I
amacr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
alad	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Bone Resorption|Lead Poisoning
alad	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Lead Poisoning, Nervous System, Adult
alad	GAD_DISEASE:Lead Poisoning, Nervous System, Adult
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Lead Poisoning, Nervous System, Adult
alad	GAD_DISEASE:kidney function
alad	GAD_DISEASE:lead blood levels; zinc
alad	GAD_DISEASE:low-level lead exposure
LOC100693193	GAD_DISEASE:low-level lead exposure
alad	GAD_DISEASE:renal function; uricemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:ACE activity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:ACE concentration and blood pressure
ace	GAD_DISEASE:ACEI-related cough
ace	GAD_DISEASE:ARDS
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus 
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Accelerated Idioventricular Rhythm|Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Myocardial Infarction|Reperfusion Injury|Tachycardia, Ventricular|Ventricular Fibrillation
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Arthritis, Psoriatic|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Low Back Pain|Psoriatic arthropathy|Rheumatoid spondylitis|Spondylarthropathies|Spondylitis, Ankylosing
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Acidosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Gastritis, Atrophic|Stomach Neoplasms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome|Chromosome Deletion|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome|Chromosome Deletion|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult|Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Age-associated memory impairment
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Hyperglycemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Retinopathy|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Amnestic Disorder|Alcoholism|Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Amnestic Disorder|Alcoholism|Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Chromosome Deletion|Pulmonary Edema
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Chromosome Deletion|Pulmonary Edema
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Dementia, Vascular
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Dementia, Vascular
ace	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease vascular dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease vascular dementia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; vascular dementia
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; vascular dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; vascular dementia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; vascular dementia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer`s Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer`s Disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer`s Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Amnesia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia|Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting|Aortic Aneurysm
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Angina pectoris|Coronary Artery Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Angina pectoris|Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Restenosis|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Angina, Unstable|Myocardial Infarction|Syndrome|Unstable angina
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Angina, Unstable|Myocardial Infarction|Syndrome|Unstable angina
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Angina, Unstable|Myocardial Infarction|Syndrome|Unstable angina
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Angina, Unstable|Myocardial Infarction|Syndrome|Unstable angina
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Angina, Unstable|Myocardial Infarction|Syndrome|Unstable angina
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Angioedema|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Angioedema|Disease Susceptibility|Urticaria
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Angiotensin-converting enzyme activity 
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxemia|Anoxia|Pneumonia, Viral|Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Asphyxia|Brain Ischemia|Disease Models, Animal|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|Aortic Diseases|Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|Hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|Hypertension
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Valve Insufficiency|Aortic Valve Stenosis|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Valve Insufficiency|Calcinosis|Mitral Valve Insufficiency|Rheumatic Heart Disease|Tricuspid Valve Insufficiency
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Valve Stenosis|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic atherosclerosis in diabetes mellitus
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Diabetes Complications|Hypertension|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Diabetes Complications|Hypertension|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Diabetes Complications|Hypertension|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Diabetes Complications|Hypertension|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Diabetes Complications|Hypertension|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Dementia|Hypertension|Stroke|Vascular Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Hypertension|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Stroke|Transient Ischemic Attack
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Stroke|Transient Ischemic Attack
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Stroke|Transient Ischemic Attack
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Stroke|Transient Ischemic Attack
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Stroke|Transient Ischemic Attack
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia|Syncope
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Intermittent Claudication|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic Scleroderma
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Drug Hypersensitivity
LOC100698983	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Drug Hypersensitivity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Recurrence|Respiratory Sounds
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
LOC102080384	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Heart Valve Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Postoperative Complications
LOC100696994	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Postoperative Complications
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Postoperative Complications
ace	GAD_DISEASE:BehcetQs Disease
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:BehcetQs Disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:BehcetQs Disease
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:BehcetQs Disease
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:BehcetQs Disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:BehcetQs Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Affective Disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Affective Disorder
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Affective Disorder
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pre-Eclampsia|Recurrence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Insulin Resistance
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Insulin Resistance
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Premature Birth
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Hypertension|Myocardial ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Hypertension|Obesity
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Hypertension|Obesity
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Hypertension|Obesity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction|Brain Ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction|Brain Ischemia|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypertension|Leukoaraiosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction|Brain Ischemia|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypertension|Leukoaraiosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injury, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Carotid Artery Diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Carotid Artery Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cerebrovascular Disorders
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Arterial Diseases|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Arterial Diseases|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Arterial Diseases|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Arterial Diseases|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Thrombophilia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasms|Prostatic Neoplasms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Leukomalacia, Periventricular
ace	GAD_DISEASE:CAD
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cachexia|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Kidney Diseases|Postoperative Complications
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Diabetes Complications|Heart Valve Diseases|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Pancreatic Diseases|Pancreatic Pseudocyst|Pancreatitis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lung Diseases|Oesophageal neoplasm|Postoperative Complications|Squamous cell carcinoma
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Endometrial Neoplasms|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly|Microvascular Angina
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies|Heart Defects, Congenital
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies|Heart Defects, Congenital
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies|Heart Defects, Congenital
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic, Familial|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic, Familial|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic, Familial|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
myocd	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Carotid Artery Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Carotid Artery Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Carotid Artery Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Cushing Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Infant, Premature, Diseases|Respiratory Tract Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Kidney Failure|kidney; failure
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Migraine Disorders|Migraine with Aura
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Sleep Apnea Syndromes
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Arterial Diseases|Constriction, Pathologic|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Arterial Diseases|Constriction, Pathologic|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Arterial Diseases|Constriction, Pathologic|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Glomerulonephritis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Glomerulonephritis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Glomerulonephritis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Kidney Insufficiency|Hypertension, Renal|Proteinuria|Renal hypertension|Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Kidney Insufficiency|Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Kidney Insufficiency|Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Periodontitis|
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Periodontitis|
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Periodontitis|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Long QT Syndrome|Sudden Cardiac Death
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Long QT Syndrome|Sudden Cardiac Death
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Long QT Syndrome|Sudden Cardiac Death
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes mellitus|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Lipoid nephrosis|Nephrosis, Lipoid
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Proteinuria
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Kidney Failure, Chronic
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Kidney Failure, Chronic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Proteinuria
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE|Systemic lupus erythematosus
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE|Systemic lupus erythematosus
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE|Systemic lupus erythematosus
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Ventricular Remodeling
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Diseases|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephritis, Interstitial
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephritis, Interstitial
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephritis, Interstitial
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Uremia|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Uremia|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Uremia|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Venous Thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrization|Escherichia coli Infections|Pyelonephritis|Urinary tract infection|Urinary Tract Infections|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrization|Kidney Diseases|Recurrence|Urinary tract infection|Urinary Tract Infections|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrization|Kidney Diseases|Recurrence|Urinary tract infection|Urinary Tract Infections|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrization|Kidney Diseases|Urinary Incontinence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrization|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrization|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|Eye Diseases|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Joint Diseases|Liver Diseases|Skin Diseases|Thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Hypertension|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Proteinuria
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Venous Thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Hypertension, Pulmonary
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Hypertension, Pulmonary
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Connective Tissue Diseases|Hypertension, Pulmonary
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Contact Dermatitis|Dermatitis, Contact
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Convalescence|Coronary Stenosis|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome|Myocardial ischemia
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Convalescence|Coronary Stenosis|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome|Myocardial ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Restenosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Restenosis|Hyperplasia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Restenosis|Hyperplasia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Stenosis|Graft Occlusion, Vascular
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Heart Failure|Myocardial ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Kidney Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Migraine Disorders
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Migraine Disorders
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial ischemia
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Myocardial ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Dilatation, Pathologic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Heart Failure|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperlipidemias|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type I
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperlipidemias|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type I
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperlipidemias|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type I
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hypertension
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Metabolic Syndrome X
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Postoperative Complications|Recurrence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Recurrence
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Recurrence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hypercholesterolemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Coronary Stenosis|Graft Occlusion, Vascular
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Diabetes mellitus|Myocardial ischemia|Recurrence
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Diabetes mellitus|Myocardial ischemia|Recurrence
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Diabetes mellitus|Myocardial ischemia|Recurrence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Translocation, Genetic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Recurrence
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Recurrence
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Recurrence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cough|Coughing
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cough|Coughing|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cough|Coughing|Hypertension|Nephritis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cough|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Critical Illness|Kidney Failure, Acute
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Hypertension, Portal|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Hypertension, Portal|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Diabetes mellitus|Sudden Cardiac Death
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome|Myocardial Infarction|Sudden Cardiac Death
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia, Vascular
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia, Vascular
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia, Vascular
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia, Vascular
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|
LOC100705550	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Angiopathies|Diabetic Foot|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Neuropathies|Diabetic Retinopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Insulin Resistance
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Insulin Resistance
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Insulin Resistance
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Hypoglycemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Hypoglycemia|Seizures
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies|Diabetic Nephropathies|Myocardial Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Hypertension
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Neuropathies
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Neuropathies|Disease Susceptibility
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Neuropathies|Disease Susceptibility
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Neuropathies|Disease Susceptibility
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy|Myocardial Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity|Overweight
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Retinopathy
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Retinopathy
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Retinopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Dilatation, Pathologic|Mucocutaneous Lymph Node Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Disorder of the optic nerve|Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Ocular Hypertension|Optic Nerve Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity|Renal hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity|Renal hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity|Renal hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Edema|Nephrotic Syndrome
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Edema|Nephrotic Syndrome
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Edema|Nephrotic Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Emphysema|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive|Substance-Related Disorders
ace	GAD_DISEASE:End- Stage Renal Disease (ESRD)
agt	GAD_DISEASE:End- Stage Renal Disease (ESRD)
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Leiomyoma
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Erectile Dysfunction|Metabolic Syndrome X
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise-induced changes in insulin
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic|fatigue syndrome; postviral|Persian Gulf Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Death|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Death|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromuscular Dysplasia|Hypertension|Renal Artery Obstruction
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromuscular Dysplasia|Hypertension|Renal Artery Obstruction
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromuscular Dysplasia|Hypertension|Renal Artery Obstruction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Glomerulonephritis, IGA|Hepatitis C, Chronic|IGA Glomerulonephritides
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Glomerulonephritis, IGA|Hepatitis C, Chronic|IGA Glomerulonephritides
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Glomerulonephritis, IGA|Hepatitis C, Chronic|IGA Glomerulonephritides
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Lung Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Lipoid nephrosis|Nephrosis, Lipoid
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Nephrotic Syndrome
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Nephrotic Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Nephrotic Syndrome|Recurrence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Diseases|Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage|Peptic Ulcer|Peptic Ulcer Hemorrhage
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Diseases|Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage|Peptic Ulcer|Peptic Ulcer Hemorrhage
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Diseases|Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage|Peptic Ulcer|Peptic Ulcer Hemorrhage
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Proteinuria
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Proteinuria
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Proteinuria
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Kidney Failure, Chronic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Glycogen Storage Disease Type V
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Glycogen Storage Disease Type V
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:Glycogen Storage Disease Type V
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:Glycogen Storage Disease Type V
LOC100706889	GAD_DISEASE:Glycogen Storage Disease Type V
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Hypertension
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure, Diastolic
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure, Diastolic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure, Diastolic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Myocardial Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Heat Stress Disorders
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Henoch-Schoenlein Purpura|Kidney Diseases|Nephrotic Syndrome|Proteinuria|Purpura, Schoenlein-Henoch
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Henoch-Schoenlein Purpura|Kidney Diseases|Nephrotic Syndrome|Proteinuria|Purpura, Schoenlein-Henoch
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Henoch-Schoenlein Purpura|Kidney Diseases|Nephrotic Syndrome|Proteinuria|Purpura, Schoenlein-Henoch
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Henoch-Schoenlein Purpura|Nephritis|Purpura, Schoenlein-Henoch
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Liver Cirrhosis|Recurrence|Weight Gain
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatorenal Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hydrocephalus
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperandrogenism|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperandrogenism|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperandrogenism|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperandrogenism|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Myocardial Infarction|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Postoperative Complications
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Postoperative Complications
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary|Kidney Diseases|Scleroderma, Systemic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Renal|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Retinal Diseases
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Renal|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Retinal Diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Renal|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Retinal Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Ventricular Remodeling
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Ventricular Remodeling
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis|Stroke
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Kidney Failure|kidney; failure
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial ischemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Myocardial ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Obesity|Weight Loss
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Polycystic Kidney Diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Polycystic Kidney Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Polycythemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Retinal Artery Occlusion
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Retinal Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Sleep Apnea, Obstructive|Snoring
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Myocardial Infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Ventricular Remodeling
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Ventricular Remodeling
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Ventricular Remodeling
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Hypotension|Neoplasms|Neutropenia|Shock
ace	GAD_DISEASE:I/D ACE gene polymorphism and ABO blood group system
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Idiopathic Dilated Cardiomyopathy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Idiopathic Dilated Cardiomyopathy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Idiopathic Dilated Cardiomyopathy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Idiopathic Dilated Cardiomyopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Infant, Premature, Diseases
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Infant, Premature, Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Infarction, Middle Cerebral Artery
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Urinary Tract Infections|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Acute|Postoperative Complications
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Acute|Postoperative Complications
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Acute|Postoperative Complications
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic|Proteinuria
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure|kidney; failure
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure|kidney; failure
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure|kidney; failure|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure|kidney; failure|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Function Post-Kidney Transplant
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Function Post-Kidney Transplant
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Function Post-Kidney Transplant
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Left Ventricular Structure
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Left Ventricular Structure
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases, Interstitial|Pulmonary Fibrosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE|Raynaud Disease|Systemic lupus erythematosus
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus|Vascular Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphatic Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphatic Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphatic Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Marfan Syndrome|Mitral Valve Prolapse
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Marfan Syndrome|Mitral Valve Prolapse
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Meconium Aspiration Syndrome|Resp distress syndrome neonatal|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Newborn|Sleep Disorders
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity, Abdominal
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity, Abdominal
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity, Abdominal
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Microvascular Angina
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Microvascular Angina
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Organ Failure|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult|Sepsis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left|Ventricular Dysfunction, Right
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left|Ventricular Remodeling
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left|Ventricular Remodeling
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Ventricular Remodeling
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Myotonic dystrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Neutral endopeptidase activity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Nonfamilial Hypertrophic or Dialated Cardiomyopathy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Nonfamilial Hypertrophic or Dialated Cardiomyopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Abdominal|Weight Loss
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Vascular Diseases
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Vascular Diseases
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Vascular Diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Vascular Diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Vascular Diseases
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Vascular Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Otosclerosis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Otosclerosis
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Otosclerosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Otosclerosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Otosclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Overweight
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:Overweight
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Overweight
ace	GAD_DISEASE:PAI-1 levels
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:PAI-1 levels
ace	GAD_DISEASE:PAI-1 levels tissue plasminogen activator
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:PAI-1 levels tissue plasminogen activator
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:PAI-1 levels tissue plasminogen activator
ace	GAD_DISEASE:PMV after CABG
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Pneumonia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Pneumonia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Kidney Diseases
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Kidney Diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Kidney Diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Premature Birth|Thrombophilia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications|Weight Gain
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Proteinuria
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis|Skin Diseases, Genetic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Remission, Spontaneous|Retinopathy of Prematurity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Renal Insufficiency
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Renal Insufficiency
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Renal Insufficiency
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Renal Insufficiency
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Resp distress syndrome neonatal|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Newborn
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult|Respiratory Insufficiency
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Rhabdomyolysis
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Rhabdomyolysis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatic Fever|Rheumatic Heart Disease
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatic Fever|Rheumatic Heart Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Schindler/Kanzaki disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Shock, Septic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Shock
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Apnea, Obstructive|Syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE)
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Systemic Sclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 Diabetes  Mellitus
ace	GAD_DISEASE:VO(2max)
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Disease
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Vasospastic Angina
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Vesico-Ureteral Reflux|Vesicoureteral reflux
ace	GAD_DISEASE:Wall Thickness of the Radial and carotid Arteries
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Wall Thickness of the Radial and carotid Arteries
ace	GAD_DISEASE:age
ace	GAD_DISEASE:albuminuria blood pressure, arterial body mass endothelial function glucose lipids metabolic syndrome renal function
ace	GAD_DISEASE:allograft dysfunction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:allograft nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:anemia C-reactive protein
ace	GAD_DISEASE:angiotensin I converting enzyme and cytokine gene polymorphisms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:angiotensin-converting enzyme gene polymorphism
ace	GAD_DISEASE:angiotensin-converting enzyme genotype
ace	GAD_DISEASE:angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor-related cough
ace	GAD_DISEASE:angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors
ace	GAD_DISEASE:antiproteinuric effect of angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitors
ace	GAD_DISEASE:arterial disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:arterial disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:arterial disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:asthma and atopy
LOC100700872	GAD_DISEASE:asthma and atopy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; endothelium dependent dilatation
ace	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; hypertension; FabryQs disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized blood pressure, arterial cardiovascular disease
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized blood pressure, arterial cardiovascular disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized blood pressure, arterial cardiovascular disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:athletic performance
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:athletic performance
ace	GAD_DISEASE:atrial natriuretic peptide activity after exercise
ace	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia; oligoasthenospermia
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia; oligoasthenospermia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:bleeding complications
f3	GAD_DISEASE:bleeding complications
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:bleeding complications
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:bleeding complications
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:bleeding complications
ace	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; arterial wall changes
ace	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; atherosclerosis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; atherosclerosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; atherosclerosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; atherosclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:body mass muscle testing
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cardiological syndrome X
ace	GAD_DISEASE:carotid arterial wall thickness
ace	GAD_DISEASE:carotid wall thickening
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral atherosclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarction.
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral white matter lesions
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral white matter lesions
agt	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral white matter lesions
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triglycerides; hypertension; blood pressure, arterial; potassium; urea
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triglycerides; hypertension; blood pressure, arterial; potassium; urea
ace	GAD_DISEASE:chronic heart failure
ace	GAD_DISEASE:chronic nonproductive cough
ace	GAD_DISEASE:circulating levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1
ace	GAD_DISEASE:clinicopathologic findings
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive decline
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive decline
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive impairment
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive impairment
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive impairment
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive impairment
spast	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive impairment
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive impairment
klc1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive impairment
ace	GAD_DISEASE:congenital uropathies
ace	GAD_DISEASE:connective tissue dysplasias
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery bypass graft surgery
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease and myocardial infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery plaque calcification
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery thrombosis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery thrombosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery thrombosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary atherosclerosis.
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary atherosclerosis.
agt	GAD_DISEASE:coronary atherosclerosis.
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease in non-Type 1 diabetes
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease in non-insulin-dependent diabetic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:coronary reactivity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:cough, angiotensin-converting enzyme; inhibitor-related
ace	GAD_DISEASE:dementia in other conditions
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:dementia in other conditions
ace	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorders
ace	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; polymetabolic syndrome
agt	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; polymetabolic syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy.
ace	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic retinopathy
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic retinopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:dyslipidemia hypertension
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:dyslipidemia hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:early coronary disease.
ace	GAD_DISEASE:early onset ischemic heart disease.
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:early onset ischemic heart disease.
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:early onset ischemic heart disease.
ace	GAD_DISEASE:early onset of ESRF in PKD1 adult polycystic kidney disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:elevated ACE
ace	GAD_DISEASE:elevated fasting blood glucose levels
ace	GAD_DISEASE:elite atheletes
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:elite atheletes
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:elite atheletes
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:elite atheletes
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:elite atheletes
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:elite atheletes
ace	GAD_DISEASE:elite rowing
LOC100701380	GAD_DISEASE:elite rowing
mstn	GAD_DISEASE:elite rowing
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:elite rowing
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:elite rowing
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:elite rowing
ace	GAD_DISEASE:end-stage renal disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:endothelial dysfunction in normal humans.
ace	GAD_DISEASE:endothelial dysfunction in subjects
ace	GAD_DISEASE:endovascular revascularization
ace	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal varices
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal varices
agt	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal varices
ace	GAD_DISEASE:ethnic origin
ace	GAD_DISEASE:factor V Leiden
f5	GAD_DISEASE:factor V Leiden
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:factor V Leiden
ace	GAD_DISEASE:failure of renoprotective therapy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:fibro-calculous pancreatid diabetes pancreatitis, tropical calcific
ace	GAD_DISEASE:glomerulonephritis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:glomerulonephritis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:glomerulonephritis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:glomerulonephritis
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:glomerulonephritis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:heart muscle disease, alcoholic
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:heart muscle disease, alcoholic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate variability
ace	GAD_DISEASE:higher blood pressure after hospitalization in normotensi
ace	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, gestational
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, gestational
agt	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, gestational
f5	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, gestational
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, gestational
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, gestational
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, gestational
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, gestational
ace	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; blood pressure, arterial
agt	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; blood pressure, arterial
corin	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; blood pressure, arterial
ace	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; cardiovascular disease
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; cardiovascular disease
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; cardiovascular disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; cardiovascular disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; dyslipidemia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; dyslipidemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; nephrotic syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:immunoglobulin A glomerulonephritis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:increased vascular reactivity
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:increased vascular reactivity
ace	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease; colorectal cancer; ACE activity; coronary atherosclerosis
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease; colorectal cancer; ACE activity; coronary atherosclerosis
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease; colorectal cancer; ACE activity; coronary atherosclerosis
plat	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory bowel disease; colorectal cancer; ACE activity; coronary atherosclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:insulin left ventricular mass
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:insulin left ventricular mass
ace	GAD_DISEASE:ischemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:ischemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:ischemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:ischemic vascular disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular function left ventricular mass
ace	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular function right ventricular function
ace	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular growth
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular growth
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular growth
ace	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy; blood flow; left ventricular function
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy; blood flow; left ventricular function
ace	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass myocardial infarct
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass myocardial infarct
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass myocardial infarct
ace	GAD_DISEASE:left-ventricular hypertrophy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:leukoaraiosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:leukoaraiosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus; nephropathy in other diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:macroangiopathy and blood pressure
ace	GAD_DISEASE:malignant vascular injury
ace	GAD_DISEASE:maternal microchimerism
ace	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic syndrome and electrocardiographic coronary artery disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:metamphetamine dependence
agt	GAD_DISEASE:metamphetamine dependence
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:metamphetamine dependence
ace	GAD_DISEASE:multidimensional impairment
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:multidimensional impairment
ace	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; kidney disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; kidney disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial ischemia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial ischemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:nephroangiosclerosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy development
ace	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic; blood pressure, arterial; proteinuria
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic; blood pressure, arterial; proteinuria
agt	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic; blood pressure, arterial; proteinuria
ace	GAD_DISEASE:non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndromes
ace	GAD_DISEASE:normal cognitive ageing
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:normal cognitive ageing
ace	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; blood pressure, arterial; sleep apnea
agt	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; blood pressure, arterial; sleep apnea
ace	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|AlzheimerQs disease
ace	GAD_DISEASE:obstetric cholestasis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:obstructive sleep apnea syndrome
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:obstructive sleep apnea syndrome
ace	GAD_DISEASE:panic attack
ace	GAD_DISEASE:peptic ulcer stomach cancer
ace	GAD_DISEASE:peritoneal transport
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:peritoneal transport
agt	GAD_DISEASE:peritoneal transport
ace	GAD_DISEASE:plasma antigen levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1
ace	GAD_DISEASE:plasminogen activator inhibitor-1
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:plasminogen activator inhibitor-1
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:plasminogen activator inhibitor-1
ace	GAD_DISEASE:posterior urethral valves
ace	GAD_DISEASE:postprandial hyperglycaemia
ace	GAD_DISEASE:premature myocardial infarction
ace	GAD_DISEASE:preterm labor
f5	GAD_DISEASE:preterm labor
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:preterm labor
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:preterm labor
ace	GAD_DISEASE:progressive renal damage
ace	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent spontaneous miscarriages
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent spontaneous miscarriages
ace	GAD_DISEASE:reflux nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:renal allograft function
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:renal allograft function
agt	GAD_DISEASE:renal allograft function
ace	GAD_DISEASE:renal artery stenosis
ace	GAD_DISEASE:renal progression
ace	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis after coronary stent placement
ace	GAD_DISEASE:ruptured intracranial aneurysms
ace	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis.
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:sarcoidosis.
ace	GAD_DISEASE:serum ACE concentration and CAD
ace	GAD_DISEASE:serum lipid levels
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:serum lipid levels
ace	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders; hypertension
ace	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic; stroke, hemorrhagic
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic; stroke, hemorrhagic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic; stroke, hemorrhagic
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic; stroke, hemorrhagic
ace	GAD_DISEASE:tachycardia cardiomyopathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:the extent of exercise-induced left ventricular growth in endurance athletes
ace	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism
ace	GAD_DISEASE:thrombotic diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombotic diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thrombotic diseases
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:thrombotic diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thrombotic diseases
ace	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetic nephropathy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetic nephropathy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetic nephropathy
ace	GAD_DISEASE:urinary tract infection
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:urinary tract infection
ace	GAD_DISEASE:venous thromboembolism.
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Acromegaly
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Acromegaly
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Acromegaly
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Acromegaly
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Acromegaly
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Hypertension|Stroke
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiac Output, Low
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiac Output, Low
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Ductus Arteriosus, Patent|Patent ductus arteriosus
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Liver Cirrhosis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:Mitral valve prolapse syndromes
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:anthropometric and metabolic traits, relative to cardiovascular risk
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; hypertension
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery stenosis 
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery stenosis 
agt	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery stenosis 
LOC100708175	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery stenosis 
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery stenosis 
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery stenosis 
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triglycerides; hypertension; glucose tolerance
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:deep venous thrombosis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B liver disease, chronic and cirrhosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B liver disease, chronic and cirrhosis
agtr1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension and ESRD
LOC100690011	GAD_DISEASE:brain infarction
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Diabetes Complications|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Diabetes Complications|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Diabetes Complications|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:age-associated memory impairment
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; coronary heart disease; lipoproteins
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; coronary heart disease; lipoproteins
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:familial dysbetalipoproteinemia
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:high and low levels of cholesterol
LOC100712028	GAD_DISEASE:paraoxonase-1 specific activity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:paraoxonase-1 specific activity
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:paraoxonase-1 specific activity
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Restenosis|Graft Occlusion, Vascular
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II|Inflammation
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II|Xanthomatosis
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness; atherosclerosis, generalized
alox5ap	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction and stroke
LOC100706482	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness myocardial infarct
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Autism | Personality
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertriglyceridemia|Obesity
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:dance performance
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:dance performance
avpr1a	GAD_DISEASE:pair-bonding behavior
LOC100697215	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse schizophrenia
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse schizophrenia
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse schizophrenia
LOC100698730	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; Down syndrome
LOC100698730	GAD_DISEASE:arylsulphatase A pseudodeficiency
LOC100698730	GAD_DISEASE:metachromatic leukodystrophy
LOC100698730	GAD_DISEASE:normal nerve conduction
arsb	GAD_DISEASE:Ferritins
sugct	GAD_DISEASE:Ferritins
LOC100699396	GAD_DISEASE:Ferritins
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Ferritins
aspa	GAD_DISEASE:Canavan disease
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:spinocerebellar ataxia; HuntingtonQs disease; myotonic dystrophy
LOC100690947	GAD_DISEASE:trinucleotide expansion disease
LOC100705328	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Muscular Atrophies of Childhood
LOC100696048	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Muscular Atrophies of Childhood
LOC100698882	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Muscular Atrophies of Childhood
hspg2	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Muscular Atrophies of Childhood
LOC100709661	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Adenosquamous|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis
bhlha15	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma|von Hippel-Lindau Disease|Von Hippel-Lindau Syndrome
LOC100691977	GAD_DISEASE:macular degeneration, age-related (AMD)
LOC100692880	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-1beta
LOC100692880	GAD_DISEASE:plasma carotenoid and tocopherol levels
LOC100698224	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-18
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital|Obesity
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital|Obesity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital|Obesity
LOC100704302	GAD_DISEASE:choline deficiency
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:choline deficiency
chdh	GAD_DISEASE:choline deficiency
bckdhb	GAD_DISEASE:maple syrup urine disease
dbt	GAD_DISEASE:maple syrup urine disease
LOC100701446	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile myoclonic epilepsy
kcnq3	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile myoclonic epilepsy
LOC100701446	GAD_DISEASE:photoparoxysmal response
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Withdrawal Delirium|Alcoholism
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
LOC100705410	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
lmbr1	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
mapk10	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
ppp1r3b	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
cwf19l2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
bmp5	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
msrb3	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
LOC100695857	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
frmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium-Binding Proteins
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Clozapine
prkar2b	GAD_DISEASE:Clozapine
slc39a12	GAD_DISEASE:Clozapine
znf438	GAD_DISEASE:Clozapine
LOC100710713	GAD_DISEASE:Clozapine
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Clozapine
cdh13	GAD_DISEASE:Depression
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Depression
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:Depression
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Depression
arglu1	GAD_DISEASE:Depression
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Depression
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Depression
eif3f	GAD_DISEASE:Depression
LOC100701351	GAD_DISEASE:retinitis pigmentosa; Leber congenital amaurosis; Usher Syndrome Type I
LOC100711064	GAD_DISEASE:Brain structure 
LOC100690924	GAD_DISEASE:Brain structure 
LOC100707238	GAD_DISEASE:Brain structure 
csmd2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain structure 
emc1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain structure 
frmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Brain structure 
thap4	GAD_DISEASE:Brain structure 
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Valve Stenosis|Calcinosis|Mitral Valve Stenosis|Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercalcemia|Hyperparathyroidism, Primary
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercalciuria|Kidney Calculi|Recurrence
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperparathyroidism, Secondary|Kidney Failure, Chronic
casr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypocalcemia|Hypocalcemia result
casr	GAD_DISEASE:albumin bone density calcium fractures, vertebral hyperparathyroidism kidney stone disease
casr	GAD_DISEASE:bone mass calcium deoxypyridinoline magnesium osteocalcin phosphorus vitamin D
casr	GAD_DISEASE:calcium cardiac death heart disease, ischemic myocardial infarct phosphate
casr	GAD_DISEASE:calcium excretion hyperparathyroidism nephrolithiasis
casr	GAD_DISEASE:electrolyte levels
casr	GAD_DISEASE:hypercalciuria
casr	GAD_DISEASE:hyperparathyroidism, primary
casr	GAD_DISEASE:hypoparathyroidism
gcm2	GAD_DISEASE:hypoparathyroidism
aire	GAD_DISEASE:hypoparathyroidism
casr	GAD_DISEASE:total serum calcium
LOC100702874	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100702874	GAD_DISEASE:acenocoumarol and phenprocoumon
ggcx	GAD_DISEASE:acenocoumarol and phenprocoumon
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:acenocoumarol and phenprocoumon
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:acenocoumarol and phenprocoumon
LOC100702874	GAD_DISEASE:anticoagulant response of acenocoumarol
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:anticoagulant response of acenocoumarol
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:anticoagulant response of acenocoumarol
LOC100702874	GAD_DISEASE:protein C protein S
ggcx	GAD_DISEASE:protein C protein S
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:protein C protein S
LOC100702874	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin response
ggcx	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin response
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin response
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin response
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin response
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin response
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin response
proc	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin response
LOC109199076	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; pancreatitis; pancreatitis, alcoholic
LOC109199076	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, LDL
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, LDL
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, LDL
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, LDL
cpvl	GAD_DISEASE:Behcets disease
ubac2	GAD_DISEASE:Behcets disease
LOC106096811	GAD_DISEASE:Behcets disease
cpvl	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes related insulin traits
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism, Inborn Errors|Sudden Infant Death
LOC100693325	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 hepatic lipid content insulin
LOC100696848	GAD_DISEASE:D-amphetamine response
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:FAP phenotype
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibroma
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromatosis, Aggressive|Recurrence
ctnnb1	GAD_DISEASE:high exposure to aflatoxin B1.
ctsh	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Celiac Disease|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Celiac Disease|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
bach2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Celiac Disease|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Celiac Disease|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Celiac Disease|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
atxn2	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Celiac Disease|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Celiac Disease|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma|Multiple Sclerosis
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis
cav1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension metabolic syndrome
LOC100707636	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL hypercholesterolemia
cep290	GAD_DISEASE:Blind Vision|Blindness|Retinal Degeneration
LOC100699513	GAD_DISEASE:Blind Vision|Blindness|Retinal Degeneration
LOC100694376	GAD_DISEASE:Blind Vision|Blindness|Retinal Degeneration
cep290	GAD_DISEASE:Blind Vision|Blindness|Retinal Diseases|Retinitis Pigmentosa
cep290	GAD_DISEASE:Blindness|Optic Atrophy, Hereditary, Leber
LOC100700385	GAD_DISEASE:Blindness|Optic Atrophy, Hereditary, Leber
aipl1	GAD_DISEASE:Blindness|Optic Atrophy, Hereditary, Leber
LOC100699513	GAD_DISEASE:Blindness|Optic Atrophy, Hereditary, Leber
LOC100694376	GAD_DISEASE:Blindness|Optic Atrophy, Hereditary, Leber
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Blindness|Optic Atrophy, Hereditary, Leber
cep290	GAD_DISEASE:Joubert syndrome nephronophthisis
nphp1	GAD_DISEASE:Joubert syndrome nephronophthisis
ahi1	GAD_DISEASE:Joubert syndrome nephronophthisis
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|DNA Damage|Pancreatic Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|DNA Damage|Pancreatic Neoplasms
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|DNA Damage|Pancreatic Neoplasms
atr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|DNA Damage|Pancreatic Neoplasms
chek1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|DNA Damage|Microsatellite Instability
atr	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|DNA Damage|Microsatellite Instability
clcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Myotonia Congenita
clcn1	GAD_DISEASE:myotonia
LOC100699097	GAD_DISEASE:Disorders of Excessive Somnolence|
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; drug dependence; affective psychoses
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence drug dependence
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence drug dependence
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence drug dependence
penk	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence drug dependence
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence drug dependence
LOC100534567	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine addiction
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Frontal Lobe
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Frontal Lobe
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Frontal Lobe|
LOC100691407	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Frontal Lobe|
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome|Tobacco Use Disorder
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol-related phenotypes nicotine
chrnb2	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior; nicotine dependence
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior; nicotine dependence
chrnd	GAD_DISEASE:Brain lesion load
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Brain lesion load
cpamd8	GAD_DISEASE:Brain lesion load
nubpl	GAD_DISEASE:Brain lesion load
lg9h11orf65	GAD_DISEASE:Metformin
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:early onset of multiple sclerosis.
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:motor unit response
LOC100695333	GAD_DISEASE:psychiatric diseases
LOC100702757	GAD_DISEASE:platelet receptor density and the response to SFLLRN
f3	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Ischemia|Thrombosis
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:AHG deficiency disease|Hemophilia A|Hemophilia B|Hemorrhage
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:AHG deficiency disease|Hemophilia A|Hemophilia B|Hemorrhage
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:Haemophilia
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:Hemophilia B
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:factor VIII and factor IX genes
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:factor XI deficiency.
LOC100710669	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen; thrombosis, venous
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen; thrombosis, venous
cchcr1	GAD_DISEASE:Nevirapine
polr3g	GAD_DISEASE:Nevirapine
ccbe1	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatoid Arthritis
colq	GAD_DISEASE:end-plate acetylcholinesterase deficiency (Type Ic)
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Achilles tendinopathy
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Achilles tendon pathology
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Knee Injuries|Rupture
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:Rupture|Tendinopathy
LOC100695146	GAD_DISEASE:Rupture|Tendinopathy
LOC100701567	GAD_DISEASE:range of motion measurements
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, myeloid; myelodysplastic syndrome
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:neutropenia
csf3r	GAD_DISEASE:severe chronic neutropenia
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital|Autoimmune Diseases|Opportunistic Infections|Recurrence
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital|Autoimmune Diseases|Opportunistic Infections|Recurrence
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:C4A null
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:C4A null haplotypes
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:C4gene deletion
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:Meningitis, Bacterial
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol, LDL smoking behavior
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol, LDL smoking behavior
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:diffuse systemic sclerosis
LOC100703919	GAD_DISEASE:purpura, allergic
c6	GAD_DISEASE:deficiencies of C6
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:deficiencies of C6
LOC100697225	GAD_DISEASE:C7 deficiency
LOC100700385	GAD_DISEASE:Leber congenital amaurosis and a normal ocular phenotype
LOC100700385	GAD_DISEASE:range of clinical phenotypes
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Language Development Disorders
foxp2	GAD_DISEASE:Language Development Disorders
cntnap2	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|Epilepsy
cbfb	GAD_DISEASE:acute myelogenous leukemia-M4
crh	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; cortisol
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; cortisol
crh	GAD_DISEASE:polymyalgia rheumatica
LOC100701380	GAD_DISEASE:oxygen consumption
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:oxygen consumption
LOC100709350	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Breast Neoplasms|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
cubn	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin B 12
clybl	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin B 12
cul2	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Microsatellite Instability|Neoplasms
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Microsatellite Instability|Neoplasms
ccny	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs
LOC100704872	GAD_DISEASE:neurofibromatosis 1
cdk5r1	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation, nonsyndromic
LOC100704174	GAD_DISEASE:mental retardation, nonsyndromic
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Acromegaly|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Follicular|Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Papillary and follicular adenocarcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Restenosis|
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Graft Occlusion, Vascular
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Graft Occlusion, Vascular
cdkn1b	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer prostate cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer prostate cancer
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:21-hydroxylase deficiency
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Acne Vulgaris|Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital|Congenital adrenal hyperplasia|Hyperandrogenism|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital|Hyperplasia
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital|Hyperandrogenism
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital|Hyperandrogenism
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Hyperplasia, Congenital|Hyperandrogenism
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Brill-Symmers disease|Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Brill-Symmers disease|Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Follicular
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Hirsutism|Hyperandrogenism
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:Virilism
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:adrenal hyperplasia, congenital
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:congenital adrenal hyperplasia
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:congentical adrenal hyperplasia
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:gestational age
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:late-onset congenital adrenal hyperplasia
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:nonclassic steroid 21-hydroxylase deficiency
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome; adrenal androgen
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:precocious pubarche
LOC100703376	GAD_DISEASE:salt-wasting congenital adrenal hyperplasia
LOC100695684	GAD_DISEASE:caudal regression syndrome
mnx1	GAD_DISEASE:caudal regression syndrome
LOC100697652	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin-Like Growth Factor I
LOC100699682	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin-Like Growth Factor I
dcstamp	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Diseases
dpys	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Diseases
LOC100700979	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Diseases
ctsc	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Diseases
sox14	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Diseases
pter	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Diseases
dck	GAD_DISEASE:Mucositis|Neoplasm, Residual|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Thrombocytopenia
LOC100691118	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; cholesterol, HDL; blood pressure
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Thrombosis
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight; preterm delivery
f5	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight; preterm delivery
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight; preterm delivery
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:folate homocysteine
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:folate homocysteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:folate homocysteine
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:folate homocysteine
dhfr	GAD_DISEASE:folic acid in plasma and  red blood cell folate
dpys	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Toxicity|Neoplasms
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Toxicity|Neoplasms
dpp6	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Spastic Paraplegia, Hereditary
nipa1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Spastic Paraplegia, Hereditary
ddr1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1 control
hcrtr2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1 control
znrd1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1 control
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1 control
vars2	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1 control
ddr1	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile oligoarthritis
LOC100710568	GAD_DISEASE:Chemokine CCL2
cadm3	GAD_DISEASE:Chemokine CCL2
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (childhood)
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (childhood)
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (childhood)
arid5b	GAD_DISEASE:Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (childhood)
ikzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (childhood)
kcne4	GAD_DISEASE:Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (childhood)
LOC100705845	GAD_DISEASE:Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (childhood)
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder; unipolar affective disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder; unipolar affective disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar affective disorder; unipolar affective disorder
ddc	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence smoking behavior
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine dependence smoking behavior
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Activity
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:Perceptual Disorders
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Perceptual Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Perceptual Disorders
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; alcohol withdrawal
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; delirium tremens, alcohol-induced
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; delirium tremens, alcohol-induced
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; personality traits
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:autonomic disease
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:delusional disorder hallucinations
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:dopamine beta-hydroxylase activity
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:interpersonal sensitivity; paranoid ideation; psychoticism
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:migraine with aura
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:migraine with aura
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:migraine with aura
LOC100708195	GAD_DISEASE:migraine with aura
LOC100694151	GAD_DISEASE:migraine with aura
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:migrane. typical
dbh	GAD_DISEASE:paranoia
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Akathisia, Drug-Induced
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Akathisia, Drug-Induced
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Akathisia, Drug-Induced
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Dependence
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Dependence
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Anovulation|
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:Cocaine-Related Disorders
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Cocaine-Related Disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Cocaine-Related Disorders
LOC100709960	GAD_DISEASE:Cocaine-Related Disorders
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:P300 potentials
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; impulse control disorder
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependency
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependency
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependency
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; nephropathy in other diseases
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:delirium
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:delirium
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:delirium
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:dopamine receptor sensitivity
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:dopamine receptor sensitivity
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, acute parkinsonism tardive dyskinesia
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, acute parkinsonism tardive dyskinesia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, acute parkinsonism tardive dyskinesia
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, acute parkinsonism tardive dyskinesia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, acute parkinsonism tardive dyskinesia
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:eye movement disturbances
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:gambling behaviour
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:gambling behaviour
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:lithium
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:lithium
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:lithium
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:lithium
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:manic-depressive illness
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:manic-depressive illness
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:manic-depressive illness
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:opiate dependence
drd3	GAD_DISEASE:treatment resistance to typical neuroleptics
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:treatment resistance to typical neuroleptics
dnah5	GAD_DISEASE:Kartagener Syndrome
dnah5	GAD_DISEASE:subclinical atherosclerosis traits (other)
LOC100698414	GAD_DISEASE:subclinical atherosclerosis traits (other)
LOC109197803	GAD_DISEASE:subclinical atherosclerosis traits (other)
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth type 1 disease
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoma, Ewing
lg20h1orf127	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoma, Ewing
srp14	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoma, Ewing
egr2	GAD_DISEASE:peripheral demyelinating neuropathies
entpd1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Disease Models, Animal|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100706716	GAD_DISEASE:autism spectrum disorder
ezh2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Heart Diseases|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Experimental
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Fibroadenoma|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:advanced uterine cervical carcinoma
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer recurrence
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:non-inflammatory breast carcinomas
LOC100690421	GAD_DISEASE:oral cavity cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:oral cavity cancer
ebag9	GAD_DISEASE:early-stage breast cancers
esrra	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 obesity
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 obesity
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 obesity
LOC100709185	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease diabetes, type 2 hypertriglyceridemia
fasn	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity|Weight Gain
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity|Weight Gain
LOC100704391	GAD_DISEASE:Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Parkinson Disease|Preleukemia
fech	GAD_DISEASE:erythropoietic protoporphyria
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
ptk2b	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100701577	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
flt1	GAD_DISEASE:Neovascularization, Pathologic|Scleroderma, Systemic
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Neovascularization, Pathologic|Scleroderma, Systemic
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Amenorrhea
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Asthenozoospermia|Oligospermia
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Seminoma|Testicular Neoplasms
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Hyperstimulation Syndrome
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:efficacy of follicle-stimulating hormone
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, female
galt	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, female
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:infertility, female
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:invitro fertilization
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:menstrual cycle
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:normogonadotropic anovulatory infertility
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
f5	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
LOC100708030	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian response to FSH stimulation
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome; premature ovarian failure
gth-ri	GAD_DISEASE:testosterone; FSH, basal; inhibin B levels; semen parameters
flcn	GAD_DISEASE:Cysts|Pneumothorax|Syndrome
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomegaly|Friedreich Ataxia
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathies|Friedreich Ataxia|Scoliosis
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:Friedreich Ataxia
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:Friedreichs ataxia
fxn	GAD_DISEASE:G130V mutation
fktn	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Muscular Dystrophies
fktn	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies
pomt1	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies
fkrp	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies
pomgnt1	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies
pomt2	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies
fktn	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies|Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
pomt1	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies|Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
LOC100696542	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies|Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
pomgnt1	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies|Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
pomt2	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophies|Muscular Dystrophies, Limb-Girdle
fktn	GAD_DISEASE:muscular dystrophy
LOC100699569	GAD_DISEASE:muscular dystrophy
galk1	GAD_DISEASE:Galactokinase deficiency
galk1	GAD_DISEASE:Galactosemias|
galk1	GAD_DISEASE:age-related cataract
galk1	GAD_DISEASE:cataract, senile
galt	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract|Diabetes Mellitus
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract|Diabetes Mellitus
galt	GAD_DISEASE:Duarte galactosemia
galt	GAD_DISEASE:Galactosemias
galt	GAD_DISEASE:P1 blood group
galt	GAD_DISEASE:amenorrhea premature ovarian failure
LOC100708030	GAD_DISEASE:amenorrhea premature ovarian failure
galt	GAD_DISEASE:cataract, presenile
galt	GAD_DISEASE:galactosemia
galt	GAD_DISEASE:galactosemia; hyperphenylalaninaemia
pah	GAD_DISEASE:galactosemia; hyperphenylalaninaemia
galt	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer and endometriosis
gal	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hyperlipidemias
gal	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder; alcoholism
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy, juvenile myoclonic
efhc1	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy, juvenile myoclonic
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder.
th	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder.
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder.
LOC100712199	GAD_DISEASE:seizures
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:seizures
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:seizures
LOC100694690	GAD_DISEASE:seizures
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperthyroidism|Hypokalemia|Thyroid Crisis
LOC100698500	GAD_DISEASE:Unipolar Affective Disorder
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Body Weight
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; neuroticism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; neuroticism
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder; blood pressure, arterial; memory impairment
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:heartburn
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; obesity; glucose; cortisol
gabra6	GAD_DISEASE:perceived parenting
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:perceived parenting
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Myoclonic|
LOC100691739	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Myoclonic|
cacnb4	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Myoclonic|
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Generalized|Seizures, Febrile
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Tonic-Clonic
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy; seizures, febrile
gabrg2	GAD_DISEASE:febrile seizures
LOC100705611	GAD_DISEASE:febrile seizures
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:febrile seizures
LOC100708625	GAD_DISEASE:febrile seizures
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|
gabbr2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|Sclerosis
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|Sclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|Sclerosis
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal carcinoma
itga9	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal carcinoma
LOC100695498	GAD_DISEASE:sleep apnea
ggcx	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atherosclerosis|Stroke
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atherosclerosis|Stroke
ggcx	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin therapy, response to
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin therapy, response to
LOC100704938	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Recurrence
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Recurrence
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth neuropathy
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:Myoglobin
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:autosomal recessive Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:vocal cord palsy
gdap1	GAD_DISEASE:waist circumference traits
gdnf	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Skin Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Skin Neoplasms
gcm2	GAD_DISEASE:menarche and menopause (age at onset)
uimc1	GAD_DISEASE:menarche and menopause (age at onset)
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:menarche and menopause (age at onset)
mcm8	GAD_DISEASE:menarche and menopause (age at onset)
trmt6	GAD_DISEASE:menarche and menopause (age at onset)
LOC100699240	GAD_DISEASE:beta-glucuronidase
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Angiopathies
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Angiopathies
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperandrogenism|Obesity|Puberty, Precocious
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder; depressive disorder, major; neuroticism
LOC100704451	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder; depressive disorder, major; neuroticism
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass glucose tolerance glycemia obesity, localized
gad2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; birth weight
LOC100534577	GAD_DISEASE:Spasms, Infantile
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:Spasms, Infantile
LOC100691717	GAD_DISEASE:prefrontal cortex activity
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:Huntington disease
LOC100699029	GAD_DISEASE:hyperactive-impulsive symptoms
LOC100694161	GAD_DISEASE:hyperactive-impulsive symptoms
LOC100690952	GAD_DISEASE:hyperactive-impulsive symptoms
dmrt2	GAD_DISEASE:hyperactive-impulsive symptoms
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:hyperactive-impulsive symptoms
grik2	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic generalized epilepsies
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:prefontal cortex function
LOC100706095	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; bipolar affective disorder
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid atherosclerosis in HIV infection
mast4	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid atherosclerosis in HIV infection
nf2	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid atherosclerosis in HIV infection
thoc5	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid atherosclerosis in HIV infection
ap1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid atherosclerosis in HIV infection
ryr3	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid atherosclerosis in HIV infection
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:Chemokines
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:Chemokines
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Chemokines
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:Chemokines
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:autistic spectrum disorder 
reln	GAD_DISEASE:autistic spectrum disorder 
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:delirium tremens, alcohol withdrawal-induced; seizures, alcohol withdrawal-induced
LOC100701565	GAD_DISEASE:plasma chemerin levels 
edil3	GAD_DISEASE:plasma chemerin levels 
trhde	GAD_DISEASE:plasma chemerin levels 
glrx3	GAD_DISEASE:Speech Perception
gstk1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:Amenorrhea|Hypogonadism|Hypothalamic Diseases
anos1	GAD_DISEASE:Amenorrhea|Hypogonadism|Hypothalamic Diseases
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:Hypogonadism|Kallmann Syndrome
anos1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypogonadism|Kallmann Syndrome
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:hypogonadism
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:hypogonaotropic hypogonadism
LOC100707068	GAD_DISEASE:puberty onset
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:puberty onset
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:puberty onset
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Aphasia, Primary Progressive|Dementia|Memory Disorders|Neurodegenerative Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Aphasia, Primary Progressive|Dementia|Memory Disorders|Neurodegenerative Diseases
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Sclerosis
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Dementia
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Dementia|
chmp2b	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Dementia|
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Dementia|Neurodegenerative Diseases
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Aphasia|Dementia|Motor Neuron Disease|Neurodegenerative Diseases
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Frontotemporal Dementia
grn	GAD_DISEASE:Frontotemporal dementia|Movement Disorders|Progressive supranuclear palsy|Supranuclear Palsy, Progressive
grn	GAD_DISEASE:frontal lobe disorder
grn	GAD_DISEASE:frontotemporal lobar degeneration
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:frontotemporal lobar degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:frontotemporal lobar degeneration
hand1	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Septal Defects
hsp90b1	GAD_DISEASE:ischemic neuronal cell death
LOC100708428	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B|Hepatitis B, Chronic|Infection|Virus
LOC100703774	GAD_DISEASE:alpha-Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:alpha-Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia
myb	GAD_DISEASE:alpha-Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia
LOC100703774	GAD_DISEASE:anemia in pregnancy
LOC100690393	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis|Iron Metabolism Disorders|Iron Overload
LOC100698871	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis|Iron Metabolism Disorders|Iron Overload
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis|Iron Metabolism Disorders|Iron Overload
LOC100690393	GAD_DISEASE:Iron Overload
LOC100698871	GAD_DISEASE:Iron Overload
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:Iron Overload
LOC100690393	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; liver disease, chronic; hemochromatosis
hpse	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Recurrence
hpse	GAD_DISEASE:HodgkinQs disease leukemia, myeloid multiple myeloma myelodysplastic syndrome
hpse	GAD_DISEASE:Intestinal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Stomach Neoplasms
hgf	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial; carotid atherosclerosis
LOC100698871	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hemochromatosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Pregnancy Complications
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hemochromatosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Pregnancy Complications
LOC100698871	GAD_DISEASE:beta-Thalassemia|Iron Overload
hpn	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|Intracranial Aneurysm|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
hexa	GAD_DISEASE:Sanhoff disease; Tay-Sachs disease
hexa	GAD_DISEASE:Tay-Sachs Disease
hexa	GAD_DISEASE:Tay-Sachs disease
hexb	GAD_DISEASE:Tay-Sachs disease
hexa	GAD_DISEASE:apparent beta-hexosaminidase A pseudodeficiency
hexa	GAD_DISEASE:spinal muscular atrophy phenotype
hexa	GAD_DISEASE:subacute G(M2) gangliosidosis
hexa	GAD_DISEASE:syndrome mimicking amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
hexb	GAD_DISEASE:Sandhoff disease
hexb	GAD_DISEASE:dramatically different phenotypes
hmg20a	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factor Inhibitors
dnajc6	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factor Inhibitors
LOC100696145	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factor Inhibitors
frmd6	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factor Inhibitors
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Factor Inhibitors
hal	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|Skin Neoplasms|Sunburn
LOC100704310	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:HDAC inhibitor-induced growth arrest.
hdac9	GAD_DISEASE:non-small cell lung carcinoma
itgb8	GAD_DISEASE:non-small cell lung carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:non-small cell lung carcinoma
LOC100692649	GAD_DISEASE:congenital absense of uterus and vagina
LOC100707580	GAD_DISEASE:macroglobulinemia
LOC100711592	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Generalized
hcn2	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Generalized
LOC100701529	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplantation
LOC100701529	GAD_DISEASE:mycophenolate mofetil
impdh2	GAD_DISEASE:mycophenolate mofetil
itpr2	GAD_DISEASE:ALS
fggy	GAD_DISEASE:ALS
insig1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease|AddisonQs disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease|Hashimoto Disease|Polyendocrinopathies, Autoimmune
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Amenorrhea|Hirsutism|Insulin Resistance|Obesity|Oligomenorrhea|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Bile Duct Neoplasms|Gallbladder Neoplasms|Gallstones
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Thinness
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Thinness
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Experimental|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Experimental|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Polyendocrinopathies, Autoimmune
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Thyroiditis, Autoimmune
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Thyroiditis, Autoimmune
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Pancreatic Neoplasms
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Disease Susceptibility|Polyendocrinopathies, Autoimmune
ins	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes Type 1 diabetes
ins	GAD_DISEASE:beta cell autoimmunity
ins	GAD_DISEASE:beta-cell function; insulin resistance
th	GAD_DISEASE:beta-cell function; insulin resistance
ins	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight body mass
ins	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight diabetes, type 1 head circumference at birth
ins	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; cholesterol; triglycerides; insulin; glucose; blood pressure, arterial
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; cholesterol; triglycerides; insulin; glucose; blood pressure, arterial
ins	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; polycystic ovary syndrome; testosterone
ins	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; triglycerides; blood pressure, arterial
th	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; triglycerides; blood pressure, arterial
ins	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total; insulin sensitivity; hyperinsulinemia
ins	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, gestational insulin
ins	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 thyroid disease, autoimmune
ins	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1; AddisonQs disease; celiac disease
ins	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension; insulin; obesity
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension; insulin; obesity
ins	GAD_DISEASE:fetal growth
ins	GAD_DISEASE:glucose
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:glucose
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:glucose
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:glucose
ins	GAD_DISEASE:impaired proinsulin conversion
ins	GAD_DISEASE:insulin response to oral glucose
agt	GAD_DISEASE:insulin response to oral glucose
ins	GAD_DISEASE:maturity-onset diabetes of young people
ins	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome.
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome.
ins	GAD_DISEASE:reduced insulin secretion
gck	GAD_DISEASE:reduced insulin secretion
ins	GAD_DISEASE:size at birth
ins	GAD_DISEASE:type I diabetes
itga1	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness
f5	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness
plat	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness
espn	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss/deafness
itga3	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, late
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, late
f5	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, late
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, late
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, late
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, late
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, late
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, late
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, late
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:blood transfusion complications
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:blood transfusion complications
itgb1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; stroke, ischemic
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; stroke, ischemic
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; stroke, ischemic
irak4	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent bacterial infections
il13ra2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease | asthma
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease | asthma
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:IL6 preterm delivery
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Infection|Premature Birth
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Interleukin-6
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:body mass metabolic syndrome
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; glucose tolerance; obesity
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; insulin; diabetic nephropathy; obesity
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function traits (other)
LOC100709054	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function traits (other)
LOC100690513	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function traits (other)
nid2	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function traits (other)
sntg1	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary function traits (other)
LOC100702023	GAD_DISEASE:soluble IL-6 receptor
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|Eczema allergic|Kaposi Varicelliform Eruption
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases|Lymphomatoid Granulomatosis|Sarcoidosis|Syndrome
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:allergy
il7r	GAD_DISEASE:stem cell transplantation
ift81	GAD_DISEASE:Alpha-Globulins
invs	GAD_DISEASE:nephronophthisis type 2
jmjd1c	GAD_DISEASE:Face
reep3	GAD_DISEASE:Face
pax3	GAD_DISEASE:Face
LOC100689762	GAD_DISEASE:Aging
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Aging
kcnab1	GAD_DISEASE:Aging
LOC100689762	GAD_DISEASE:Aging traits
gng4	GAD_DISEASE:Aging traits
galnt13	GAD_DISEASE:Aging traits
kcnab1	GAD_DISEASE:Aging traits
LOC100692380	GAD_DISEASE:congenital fibrosis of the extraocular muscles
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Inflammation
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Inflammation
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Inflammation
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Inflammation
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Inflammation
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Inflammation
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Inflammation
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Inflammation
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Inflammation
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Inflammation
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cardiovascular Diseases|Stroke
kl	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Cardiomyopathies|Coronary Stenosis
kl	GAD_DISEASE:age-related skeletal disorders
kl	GAD_DISEASE:angina, vasospastic atherosclerosis, coronary
kl	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial body mass glucose insulin lipids
kl	GAD_DISEASE:bone density and spondylosis
kl	GAD_DISEASE:bone density osteoarthritis osteoporosis
kl	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; fractures; osteocalcin
kl	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; spondylosis, lumbar
kl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL diabetes, type 2 insulin triglycerides
kl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; blood pressure, arterial; stroke; longevity
kl	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension|atherosclerosis
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|Syndrome
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:adipocyte size, large subcutaneous abdominal
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; diabetes, type 2; insulin sensitivity; insulin secretion;
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy; heart failure; sudden death
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol diabetes, type 2 height obesity
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:congenital generalized lipodystrophy
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:dyslipidemia and insulin resistance
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:familial partial lipodystrophy
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance; dyslipidemia
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; obesity; leptin
lmna	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases; cerebrovascular disease
ltbp3	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm
ltbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:Factor V Deficiency|Hemophilia A
mcfd2	GAD_DISEASE:Factor V Deficiency|Hemophilia A
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:pneumococcal infection
lman1	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis; systemic inflammatory response syndrome
LOC100712447	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsies, Partial|Epilepsy
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; ParkinsonQs disease; progressive supranuclear palsy; dementia, frontotemporal; multiple system atropy
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Aphasia, Primary Progressive|Heredodegenerative Disorders, Nervous System
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonic Disorders|Multiple System Atrophy
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:Gait Ataxia|Parkinson Disease
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:corticobasal ganglionic degeneration multiple system atrophy ParkinsonQs disease parkinsonism, atypical progressive supranuclear palsy
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:dementia ParkinsonQs disease
lrrk2	GAD_DISEASE:essential tremor ParkinsonQs disease
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; body fat
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total; lipoprotein
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; insulin sensitivity; fatty acid
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:decreased adipocyte lipolytic function
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:insulin sensitivity; glucose disposal
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; lipids; glucose
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; lipids; glucose
lipe	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; lipolysis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS-Related Opportunistic Infections|Drug Hypersensitivity|Pneumonia, Pneumocystis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Atrophy|Brain Diseases
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; arthritis; lupus erythematosus; inflammatory bowel disease; insulin; malaria
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atherosclerosis|Inflammation|Stroke
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Juvenile Rheumatoid|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Chronic Childhood Arthritis|Periodontitis|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. DRS. total IgE. eosinophilia
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:B-Cell Lymphomas|Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:B-Cell Lymphomas|Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Uveitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia|Infant, Newborn, Diseases
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Byssinosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:COPD. bronchiectasis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy|Disease Susceptibility
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Hypoxia-Ischemia, Brain
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydophila Infections|Coronary Artery Disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioamnionitis|Infection of amniotic sac and membranes
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypersensitivity|Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction|Vasculitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation|Periodontitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Metabolic Syndrome X
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Metabolic Syndrome X
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Metabolic Syndrome X
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Dental Plaque|Disease Susceptibility|Gingivitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperlipidemias|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Heart Failure|Myocardial Infarction|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100700935	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Heart Failure|Myocardial Infarction|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Heart Failure|Myocardial Infarction|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Ulcer|stomach; ulcer
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Eclampsia|HELLP Syndrome|Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Purpura, Thrombocytopenic, Idiopathic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Diseases, Parasitic|Schistosomiasis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:IgE, cord blood
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Palmoplantar pustulosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatitis|Septic Shock|Shock, Septic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications|Sepsis|Septic Shock|Shock, Septic|Systemic infection
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative infectious complications
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Detachment|Vitreoretinopathy, Proliferative
LOC100711853	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Detachment|Vitreoretinopathy, Proliferative
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis, Pulmonary|Syndrome
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis|Sarcoidosis, Pulmonary
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Systemic infection|Wounds, Nonpenetrating
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:Sinusitis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; dermatitis, atopic; rhinitis, allergic
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; dermatitis, atopic; rhinitis, allergic
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:blood transfusion
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral palsy
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral palsy
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura.
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD; bronchiectatic disease
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:community-acquired pneumonia (CAP)
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:complications after major abdominal operations
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:cytokine response
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1; measles
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1; measles
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:erythrocyte catalase activity
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; gastric cardia adenocarcinoma
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss
gje1	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss
slc26a5	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:hypertriglyceridemia or insulin resistance
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:infectious risk and outcome in surgical intensive care patients
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:leishmaniasis, cutaneous
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:mediterranean visceral leishmaniasis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:migrane
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:myelopathy, HTLV-1 associated
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:palmoplantar pustulosis
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome; glucose metabolism
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:respiratory distress syndrome, acute
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis; serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:typhoid fever
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:urinary tract infections after renal transplantation
LOC100534578	GAD_DISEASE:vasopressor infusion requirement
ddah2	GAD_DISEASE:vasopressor infusion requirement
laptm4b	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100702891	GAD_DISEASE:Oral Submucous Fibrosis|Precancerous Conditions
LOC100702891	GAD_DISEASE:amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
LOC100698882	GAD_DISEASE:amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
fggy	GAD_DISEASE:amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
m6pr	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; depressive disorder, major
LOC100700979	GAD_DISEASE:alpha 1-Antitrypsin Deficiency|Liver Failure
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease dementia white matter lesions
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease dementia, vascular
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease dementia, vascular
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; ParkinsonQs disease
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting|Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting|Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|Arterial Occlusive Diseases
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction|Cerebral Arterial Diseases
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis C, Chronic|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis C, Chronic|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis C, Chronic|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis C|Liver Neoplasms
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis C|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Oral Submucous Fibrosis|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery, Internal, Dissection|
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery, Internal, Dissection|
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Mellitus|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Mellitus|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Mitral Valve Insufficiency|Mitral Valve Prolapse|Ventricular Remodeling
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Arteriovenous Malformation|Intracranial Arteriovenous Malformations
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:Urinary Incontinence, Stress|Uterine Prolapse
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome atherosclerosis, coronary
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary syndrome atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:alpha 1-Antitrypsin Deficiency|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:alpha 1-Antitrypsin Deficiency|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, carotid atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary unstable coronary syndrome
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery atherosclerosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer.
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer.
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery calcification
numb	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery calcification
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery calcification
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:degeneration of intervertebral discs
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis; adenomyosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:gastric ulcer
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:gastric ulcer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:gastric ulcer
plat	GAD_DISEASE:gastric ulcer
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:gastric ulcer
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:gastric ulcer
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:gingival overgrowth
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; lung cancer; abdominal aortic aneurysm
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; lung cancer; abdominal aortic aneurysm
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness, carotid
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular dysfunction
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular dysfunction
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular dysfunction
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:leukoaraiosis volume
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:leukoaraiosis volume
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:matrix metalloproteinase
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:matrix metalloproteinase
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:matrix metalloproteinase-3 concentration myocardial infarct
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:mortality in haemodialysis patients
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; atherosclerosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:oral cancer oral submucous fibrosis
LOC100706082	GAD_DISEASE:ulcerative colitis; cholangitis, sclerosing
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity, Morbid
LOC100693278	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity, Morbid
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity, Morbid
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity, Morbid
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:cortisol
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:cortisol
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:familial glucocorticoid deficiency
star	GAD_DISEASE:familial glucocorticoid deficiency
LOC100693550	GAD_DISEASE:glucocorticoid deficiency
LOC100693278	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; energy expenditure
mto1	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural
myo1c	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural
LOC100696178	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural
otof	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural
trmu	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural
map2k1	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Ectodermal Dysplasia|Heart Defects, Congenital|Mental Retardation|Syndrome
LOC100708547	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Ectodermal Dysplasia|Heart Defects, Congenital|Mental Retardation|Syndrome
mlc1	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder catatonia schizophrenia
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:migraine; migraine with aura
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:migraine; migraine with aura
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:migraine; migraine with aura
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:migraine; migraine with aura
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:platelet MAO-B activity
LOC100706625	GAD_DISEASE:platelet monoamine oxidase B activity
mnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Citalopram
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Microsatellite Instability
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Microsatellite Instability
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Microsatellite Instability
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Microsatellite Instability
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Microsatellite Instability
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Anticipation, Genetic|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Anticipation, Genetic|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Anticipation, Genetic|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Endometrial Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Endometrial Neoplasms
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Endometrial Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Endometrial Neoplasms|
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Endometrial Neoplasms|
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Hereditary Nonpolyposis Colorectal Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Hereditary Nonpolyposis Colorectal Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Hereditary Nonpolyposis Colorectal Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Hereditary Nonpolyposis Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Hereditary Nonpolyposis Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Hereditary Nonpolyposis Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Rectal Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Hereditary Nonpolyposis Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Rectal Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Pancreatic Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Pancreatic Neoplasms
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Pancreatic Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Genital Neoplasms, Female|Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Genital Neoplasms, Female|Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Recurrence
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Recurrence
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Disease Susceptibility|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Disease Susceptibility|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:Lynch syndrome
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Lynch syndrome
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lynch syndrome
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer, hereditary nonpolyposis
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer, hereditary nonpolyposis
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer, hereditary nonpolyposis
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; endometrial cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; endometrial cancer
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; endometrial cancer
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary nonpolyposis colon cancer.
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; lymphoma
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:non-Hodgkin lymphomas
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:retinal function
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:retinal function
msh2	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer; pancreatic cancer; fallopian cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer; pancreatic cancer; fallopian cancer
myrip	GAD_DISEASE:sleep duration
LOC100707241	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Septal Defects|Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|Congenital Heart Defects|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy|Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial
mtmr2	GAD_DISEASE:recessive Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
mtmr3	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100702311	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Stomach Neoplasms
cdc14a	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Stomach Neoplasms
ssh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Stomach Neoplasms
mtm1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Dysfunction
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Dysfunction
nppc	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Dysfunction
corin	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Dysfunction
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Dysfunction
npr1	GAD_DISEASE:Ventricular Dysfunction
LOC100699899	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass ventricular remodeling
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass ventricular remodeling
npr3	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal adiposity and Hypertension
LOC100703866	GAD_DISEASE:Bile Duct Neoplasms|Cholangiocarcinoma|Cholangitis, Sclerosing|DNA Damage|
LOC100703866	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lymphatic Metastasis|Mouth Neoplasms|Oropharyngeal Neoplasms
nphp3	GAD_DISEASE:adolescent nephronophthisis, tapeto-retinal degeneration and hepatic fibrosis
LOC100691074	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; suicide
LOC102077535	GAD_DISEASE:parental expressed emotion | ADHD
LOC100697588	GAD_DISEASE:Language Development Disorders|Mental Retardation
LOC100692199	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Neuropathies
LOC100708883	GAD_DISEASE:autism obsessive compulsive disorder
LOC100708883	GAD_DISEASE:mathematics ability
LOC100699672	GAD_DISEASE:leanness obesity
nrp1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Intraductal, Noninfiltrating|Hot Flashes|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Neovascularization, Pathologic
LOC100695821	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Intraductal, Noninfiltrating|Hot Flashes|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Neovascularization, Pathologic
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Intraductal, Noninfiltrating|Hot Flashes|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Neovascularization, Pathologic
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Intraductal, Noninfiltrating|Hot Flashes|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Neovascularization, Pathologic
nts	GAD_DISEASE:Restless Legs Syndrome|Tourette Syndrome
ncf1	GAD_DISEASE:Granulomatous Disease, Chronic
LOC100705711	GAD_DISEASE:Granulomatous Disease, Chronic
ncf1	GAD_DISEASE:Malaria, Falciparum|Multiple Sclerosis
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Chromosome Breakage|Colorectal Neoplasms|Genital Neoplasms, Female|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasms|Nijmegen Breakage Syndrome|Stomach Neoplasms
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosomal Instability|Lymphoma|Neoplasms|Nijmegen Breakage Syndrome
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal neoplasm|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Neoplasms
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Medulloblastoma|Nijmegen Breakage Syndrome
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Medulloblastoma|Nijmegen Breakage Syndrome
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:Nijmegen Breakage Syndrome
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:cancer; breast cancer
nbn	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid; lymphoma
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Multiple Myeloma|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100703553	GAD_DISEASE:Tetralogy of Fallot
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:Tetralogy of Fallot
LOC100692734	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Chromosome Breakage|Facies|Growth Disorders|Syndrome
LOC100692734	GAD_DISEASE:Sotos syndrome
ncor2	GAD_DISEASE:hepatic CYP3A4 expression
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:hepatic CYP3A4 expression
LOC100709336	GAD_DISEASE:hepatic CYP3A4 expression
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:hepatic CYP3A4 expression
nr0b2	GAD_DISEASE:birthweight adiposity
nr0b2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; obesity; birth weight
nr0b2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; obesity; birth weight
nr1h4	GAD_DISEASE:Cholestasis, Intrahepatic|Intrahepatic Cholestasis|Pregnancy Complications
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cholestasis, Intrahepatic|Intrahepatic Cholestasis|Pregnancy Complications
nr4a3	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Prediabetic State
nr5a1	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Insufficiency|Hypospadias
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydophila Infections|Stroke
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma hay fever IgE
nod1	GAD_DISEASE:duodenal ulcer gastritis
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol-Related Disorders
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol-Related Disorders
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol-Related Disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol-Related Disorders
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Cocaine-Related Disorders|Heroin Dependence|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Cocaine-Related Disorders|Heroin Dependence|Substance-Related Disorders
oprd1	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine dependence methamphetamine psychosis
LOC100711263	GAD_DISEASE:heroin addiction
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:heroin addiction
oat	GAD_DISEASE:gyrate atrophy
oat	GAD_DISEASE:visual field defects
LOC100701954	GAD_DISEASE:hypothyroidism, congenital
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|Colitis, Ulcerative
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|Colitis, Ulcerative
pard3	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|Down Syndrome
magi2	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|Down Syndrome
LOC100703449	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance; fatty acid
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Agricultural WorkersQ Diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Agricultural WorkersQ Diseases|DNA Damage|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus|Hypertension|Kidney Diseases|Renal Insufficiency
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs Disease/Coronary artery disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; coronary artery disease; diabetes, type 2; dementia, vascular
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Constriction, Pathologic|Stroke
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Constriction, Pathologic|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Constriction, Pathologic|Stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases|
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein triglycerides
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Inflammation|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Lupus Nephritis
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Neoplasms, Glandular and Epithelial|Ovarian Neoplasms
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Mouth Diseases
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Environmental Illness|
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:HDL-cholesterol level
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:HTL hydrolase
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Hypoxia-Ischemia, Brain|Stroke
klc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypoxia-Ischemia, Brain|Stroke
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Insulin Resistance|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Chemical Sensitivity
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Chemical Sensitivity
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Chemical Sensitivity
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Chemical Sensitivity
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Chemical Sensitivity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Chemical Sensitivity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:PON1 activity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:PON1 expression
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm homocysteine hypertension
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:abdominal aortic aneurysm homocysteine hypertension
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:acetylcholinesterase; paraoxonase
ache	GAD_DISEASE:acetylcholinesterase; paraoxonase
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:arylesterase activity cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; hypercholesterolemia
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:beta-cell function
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight gestational age oxidative stress
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:body mass paraoxonase activity polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:bone mineral density (BMD)
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:carotid artery damage
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral amyloid angiopathy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral amyloid angiopathy
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral amyloid angiopathy.
mme	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral amyloid angiopathy.
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:childhood brain tumor
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:childhood brain tumors | residential insecticide exposure
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; C-reactive protein; carotid intima-media thickness
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; apoAI
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; lipoprotein, LDL
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; lipoproteins
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; paraoxonase activity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; lipids
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:chronic symptoms in pesticide-exposed workers
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease.
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease; diabetes, type 2
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease; lipoproteins; fluvastatin, clinical events with; treatment with fluvastatin, response to
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery reactivity; lipoprotein oxidation
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:coronary endothelial vasomotor dysfunction
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; cerebrovascular disease
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:diazonase activity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:fasting total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations only
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:glucose response
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:glucose; paraoxonase-1
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:hyperglycemia hypertension, pregnancy induced preterm delivery
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:ill health, sheep dip related
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:increased serum glucose concentrations
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:intima media thickness
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:intima media thickness
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant complications; lipids
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lipid peroxidation
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; myocardial infarction
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus paraoxonase 1 activity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:more degree of homeostasis model assessment IR
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:multiple chemical sensitivity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:organophosphate toxicity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatitis; pancreatitis, alcoholic; pancreatitis, chronic
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:paraoxinase 1 activity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:paraoxonase
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:paraoxonase activity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:paraoxonase1 activity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:pesticide toxicity
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy, diabetic; albumin excretion rate
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:uremia
LOC100710697	GAD_DISEASE:vascular disease
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:vascular disease
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:vascular disease
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:vascular disease
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:vascular disease
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:vascular disease
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:vascular disease
LOC100690902	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined|Mixed hyperlipidemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined|Mixed hyperlipidemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined|Mixed hyperlipidemia
LOC100690902	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 fatty acid triglycerides
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:Adult vitelliform macular dystrophy
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:Autosomal dominant cone-rod dystrophy
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:bullQs-eye maculopathy detected by nonradioisotopic SSCP
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:cone-rod dystrophy
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:macular and peripheral retinal degeneration
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:pattern dystrophy of the retina
prph2	GAD_DISEASE:retinal dystrophy
rp2	GAD_DISEASE:retinal dystrophy
prdx5	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia Areata|Autoimmune Diseases
stx17	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia Areata|Autoimmune Diseases
LOC106096427	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia Areata|Autoimmune Diseases
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Thrombosis
LOC100704522	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Thrombosis
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Thrombosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Thrombosis
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Thrombosis
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetic Cardiomyopathies|Myocardial ischemia
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Obesity
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Obesity
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Obesity
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperglycemia|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Plasma Lipid Levels
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Plasma Lipid Levels
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Plasma Lipid Levels
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:Type II diabetic
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 2; lipoprotein
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac growth
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol gamma glutamyltranspeptidase triglycerides
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; heart disease, ischemic; diabetes, type 2; insulin
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, total
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, total
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, total
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; diabetes, type 2; cholesterol, LDL
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; diabetes, type 2; cholesterol, LDL
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total; apolipoproteins
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, LDL; lipoproteins; fatty acid
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triacylglycerol
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triglycerides
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease; coronary atherosclerosis
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease; diabetes, type 2
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 dyslipidemia obesity
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hyperlipidemia; obesity
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen; triglyceride
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen; triglyceride
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; exercise
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:liver steatosis, Hepatitis C virus-related; steatohepatitis, nonalcoholic
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:lower body mass index
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:physical performance
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:physical performance
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:plasma total and LDL-apolipoprotein B
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; insulin; lipoproteins; apoB; apoC-III
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; insulin; lipoproteins; apoB; apoC-III
LOC100709869	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; lipoproteins
pnmt	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Kidney Injury
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Craniofacial Abnormalities
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Endometrioid|Endometrial Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Endometrioid|Endometrial Neoplasms
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Skin Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Skin Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:Cowden syndrome
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:anaplastic astrocytoma; glioblastoma multiforme
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:anaplastic astrocytoma; glioblastoma multiforme
p53	GAD_DISEASE:anaplastic astrocytoma; glioblastoma multiforme
LOC100707201	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer prostate cancer
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer prostate cancer
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer prostate cancer
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:Choline Deficiency|Fatty Liver
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease, nonalcoholic fatty
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease, nonalcoholic fatty
pemt	GAD_DISEASE:steatohepatitis, nonalcoholic
pik3c2a	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Gingival Neoplasms|Mandibular Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma|Tongue Neoplasms
pde8b	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms|Cushing Syndrome
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms|Cushing Syndrome
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms|Cushing Syndrome
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental
LOC100708272	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental
enpep	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental
plce1	GAD_DISEASE:Religion and Psychology
LOC100698525	GAD_DISEASE:Protein C Deficiency|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Protein C Deficiency|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Protein C Deficiency|Venous Thrombosis
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Protein C Deficiency|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100698525	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Transferrin
sik3	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Transferrin
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. atopy. spIgE.
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Atopy. asthma
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Atopy. spIgE. total IgE. asthma. atopic asthma
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein; kawasaki disease
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Classical Lissencephalies and Subcortical Band Heterotopias
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Severe asthma
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Total IgE
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Total IgE
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Total IgE
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:Total IgE. atopic asthma
LOC100699478	GAD_DISEASE:graft occlusion, atherosclerotic
pabpn1	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Dystrophy, oculopharyngeal
LOC100704922	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100704922	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Inflammation
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Ventricular Remodeling
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:androgen polycystic ovary syndrome
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 hypertension
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:familial hyperinsulinism.
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:hyperglycemia
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:hypoglycemia awareness
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:impaired exercise stress response
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:impaired glucagon suppression
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:insulin release and insulin sensitivity
kcnj11	GAD_DISEASE:sulfonylurea failure, secondary
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Brugada Syndrome|Cardiomyopathies|Channelopathies|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Heart Arrest|Long QT Syndrome|Syncope
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Atrioventricular Block|Death, Sudden|Syncope|Torsades de Pointes
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Brugada Syndrome|Chromosome Deletion|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Long QT Syndrome
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:EKG, abnormal; Brugada syndrome
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiographic traits 
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiographic traits 
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome|Sinus Tachycardia|Tachycardia, Sinus
LOC100702324	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT Syndrome|Sinus Tachycardia|Tachycardia, Sinus
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:Long QT syndrome
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:atriventricular block long QT syndrome
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac repolarization
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac repolarization
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac repolarization.
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:depression | long QT syndrome
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal symptoms
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:long-QT syndrome
LOC102075990	GAD_DISEASE:unknown
men1	GAD_DISEASE:unknown
LOC100695866	GAD_DISEASE:CATCH 22 syndrome
pomt1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases|Muscular Dystrophies
pomt2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases|Muscular Dystrophies
LOC100699493	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder conduct disorder novelty seeking substance experimentation
LOC100707466	GAD_DISEASE:personality | ADHD
LOC102076116	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome; diabetes
ptpn13	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Esophageal Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasms
ptpn13	GAD_DISEASE:susceptibility to Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:susceptibility to Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Diseases|Crohn Disease|Ileal Diseases
nkx2-3	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Diseases|Crohn Disease|Ileal Diseases
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Disease Progression
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Disease Progression
LOC100702382	GAD_DISEASE:Type 1 diabetes
ptpn5	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
ptpn21	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
LOC100696665	GAD_DISEASE:connatal Pelizaeus-Merzbacher disease
LOC100696665	GAD_DISEASE:leukodystrophies
gpm6b	GAD_DISEASE:leukodystrophies
ppox	GAD_DISEASE:variegate porphyria
reln	GAD_DISEASE:Neurofibrillary Tangles
LOC100703384	GAD_DISEASE:coronary spastic angina.
LOC100711859	GAD_DISEASE:Anophthalmos|Coloboma|Eye Abnormalities|Microphthalmos
sox2	GAD_DISEASE:Anophthalmos|Coloboma|Eye Abnormalities|Microphthalmos
LOC100712477	GAD_DISEASE:Anophthalmos|Coloboma|Eye Abnormalities|Microphthalmos
LOC100707476	GAD_DISEASE:Anophthalmos|Coloboma|Eye Abnormalities|Microphthalmos
LOC100711859	GAD_DISEASE:microphthalmia
rara	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperopia|Myopia
rbp3	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Dystrophies|Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100696641	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Dystrophies|Retinitis Pigmentosa
LOC100694900	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Large Cell|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Squamous cell carcinoma
rpl21	GAD_DISEASE:Electrocardiographic traits
rps14	GAD_DISEASE:Diamond-Blackfan anemia
rpl35a	GAD_DISEASE:Diamond-Blackfan anemia
rps16	GAD_DISEASE:Diamond-Blackfan anemia
rps24	GAD_DISEASE:Diamond-Blackfan anemia
rpl11	GAD_DISEASE:Diamond-Blackfan anemia
LOC100700425	GAD_DISEASE:Diamond-Blackfan anemia
LOC100689943	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Diamond-Blackfan|Diamond-Blackfan anemia
rpl35a	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Diamond-Blackfan|Diamond-Blackfan anemia
rps24	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Diamond-Blackfan|Diamond-Blackfan anemia
rpl11	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Diamond-Blackfan|Diamond-Blackfan anemia
LOC100700425	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Diamond-Blackfan|Diamond-Blackfan anemia
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:Glycoproteins
LOC100701748	GAD_DISEASE:psychopathic tendencies
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Heart Failure|Sudden Cardiac Death
ryr2	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Long QT Syndrome|Syncope|Tachycardia, Ventricular
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Angina pectoris|Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Coronary Artery Vasospasm|Coronary Vasospasm|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Anthropometry
sgcd	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic, Familial|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy
sspn	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell
cep85l	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell
sspn	GAD_DISEASE:gastritis
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:gastritis
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:antiphospholipid syndrome thrombosis
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic stroke, ischemic
LOC102081701	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic; peripheral arterial disease
sds	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy
serpinf1	GAD_DISEASE:Choroid Diseases|Macular Degeneration
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Choroid Diseases|Macular Degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Choroid Diseases|Macular Degeneration
serpinf1	GAD_DISEASE:microangiopathy, diabetic
LOC100697028	GAD_DISEASE:bleeding tendency
LOC100697028	GAD_DISEASE:enhanced fibrinolytic potential
LOC100702644	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Membranes, Premature Rupture
sigmar1	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine abuse; psychoses
LOC100691739	GAD_DISEASE:Brugada Syndrome
LOC100698560	GAD_DISEASE:Brugada Syndrome
LOC100691739	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|
LOC100708645	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Kidney Failure
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Kidney Failure
LOC100708645	GAD_DISEASE:uric acid concentrations
pdzk1	GAD_DISEASE:uric acid concentrations
slc16a9	GAD_DISEASE:uric acid concentrations
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:uric acid concentrations
LOC100701067	GAD_DISEASE:renal clearance of metformin
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:renal clearance of metformin
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Pigmentation
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Pigmentation
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:hair colour
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:oculocutaneous albinism type 4
slc45a2	GAD_DISEASE:skin color variation
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Withdrawal Delirium|Alcohol Withdrawal Seizures
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Child hyperactivity-impulsivity and oppositional behaviors
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Eating disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Physiological Sexual Disorders|Sexual Dysfunction, Physiological
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:Stuttering
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Stuttering
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:adolescent-onset antisocial behavior
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:adolescent-onset antisocial behavior
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol dependence; alcoholic psychosis
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol withdrawal
npy	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol withdrawal
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol withdrawl seizure and delirium tremens
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial personality disorder
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial personality disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial personality disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:antisocial personality disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:appetite suppression
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit hyperactivity disorder drug hypersensitivity
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:behavioral disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:behavioral disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:cigarette smoking behavior and reward
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:cigarette smoking behavior and reward
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:delinquent behavior violent behavior
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:delinquent behavior violent behavior
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:delirium tremens, alcohol-induced; alcohol withdrawal
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:delusional disorder
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:depression; alcohol withdrawal
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depression; alcohol withdrawal
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major personality disorders
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:disruptive behavior
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:dopamine release
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:dopamine transporter availability
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:eating behavior
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:externalizing behavior problems and associated temperament traits
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:externalizing behavior problems; hyperactivity
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:extrapyramidal side effects
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:extrapyramidal side effects
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:manic depression
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:methylphenidate response
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:negative parenting
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:opiate abuse
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:opiate abuse
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; methamphetamine abuse
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; opium abuse
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; opium abuse
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:spatial bias
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:striatal dopamine transporter 
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:stuttering
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:stuttering
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:suicide; heroin abuse
slc6a3	GAD_DISEASE:traumatic brain injury
LOC100701554	GAD_DISEASE:endothelial dysfunction hypertension
slco2b1	GAD_DISEASE:pravastatin kinetics; hyperbilirubinemia
shh	GAD_DISEASE:holoprosencephaly
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:holoprosencephaly
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:holoprosencephaly
LOC100710353	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major suicide
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; ALS/amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Dementia|
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:BarrettQs esophagus
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:BarrettQs esophagus
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:Keratoconus
ubxn4	GAD_DISEASE:Keratoconus
col8a1	GAD_DISEASE:Keratoconus
map3k19	GAD_DISEASE:Keratoconus
vsx1	GAD_DISEASE:Keratoconus
col8a2	GAD_DISEASE:Keratoconus
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:amyotrophic lateral sclerosis cause novel protein interactions
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; macroangiopathy; microangiopathy
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; macroangiopathy; microangiopathy
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:encephalitis, Japanese
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:keratoconus
vsx1	GAD_DISEASE:keratoconus
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer|ovarian cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer|ovarian cancer
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:rapidly progressive familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
sod1	GAD_DISEASE:slowly progressive ALS
LOC100710649	GAD_DISEASE:serum creatinine
LOC100693476	GAD_DISEASE:serum creatinine
col22a1	GAD_DISEASE:serum creatinine
stx17	GAD_DISEASE:Facial Neoplasms|Horse Diseases|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100701832	GAD_DISEASE:Warfarin
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Warfarin
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:Warfarin
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Pain|Recurrence
LOC100703444	GAD_DISEASE:aggressive behavior suicide
tecta	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Sensorineural Hearing Loss
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Sensorineural Hearing Loss
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Sensorineural Hearing Loss
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Sensorineural Hearing Loss
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Sensorineural Hearing Loss
tecta	GAD_DISEASE:autosomal dominant hearing loss
tecta	GAD_DISEASE:hearing impairment|Hearing Loss
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:hearing impairment|Hearing Loss
slc26a5	GAD_DISEASE:hearing impairment|Hearing Loss
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:hearing impairment|Hearing Loss
pjvk	GAD_DISEASE:hearing impairment|Hearing Loss
terf1	GAD_DISEASE:anemia, aplastic
LOC100695146	GAD_DISEASE:achilles tendon injuries
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:Maduromycosis
LOC100696639	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B, chronic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B, chronic
thbs2	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B, chronic
p53	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis B, chronic
thsd1	GAD_DISEASE:familial premature myocardial infarction.
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:5-fluorouracil toxicity
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:5-fluorouracil toxicity
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:5-fluorouracil- related toxicity
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:5-fluorouracil- related toxicity
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Barrett Esophagus|Hyperplasia|Metaplasia|Neoplastic Processes
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Hematologic Diseases|Rectal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Hematologic Diseases|Rectal Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Reactive
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Reactive
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
kif1b	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
zbtb12	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Recurrence
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Recurrence
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea|Leukopenia|Mucositis
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea|Leukopenia|Mucositis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea|Leukopenia|Mucositis
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Toxicity
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Folic Acid Deficiency|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Folic Acid Deficiency|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Hemifacial Spasm
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hemifacial Spasm
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:Neurotoxicity Syndromes|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Neurotoxicity Syndromes|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Neurotoxicity Syndromes|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:TPMT activity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:TPMT activity
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:TPMT activity
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:advanced colorectal carcinoma
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:antineoplastic toxicity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:antineoplastic toxicity
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:childhood B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:cholangiocarcinoma homocysteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cholangiocarcinoma homocysteine
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; stomach cancer
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; stomach cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; stomach cancer
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:folate; homocystinuria
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:folate; homocystinuria
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal toxicity
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal toxicity
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal toxicity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal toxicity
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine concentrations
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects; Dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects; Dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase
tyms	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic variation
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic variation
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic variation
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetic variation
tg	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune thyroiditis|Thyroiditis, Autoimmune
tg	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Hashimoto Disease
tg	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|Hashimoto Disease
tg	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease; thyroiditis, chronic lymphocytic
tg	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism|POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
tg	GAD_DISEASE:autoimmune thyroid disease
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:autoimmune thyroid disease
tg	GAD_DISEASE:congenital goiter and defective TG synthesis.
tg	GAD_DISEASE:thyroiditis, chronic lymphocytic
LOC100692475	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Thinness
LOC100692475	GAD_DISEASE:Body mass (lean)
LOC100700751	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia
sgcg	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia
sgce	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Disease|Diabetic Angiopathies
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hyperglycemia|Pregnancy Complications|Pregnancy in Diabetics
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hyperglycemia|Pregnancy Complications|Pregnancy in Diabetics
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes mellitus|Postoperative Complications
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus 
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Fatty Liver
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Hypertension|Insulin Resistance
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperglycemia|Insulin Resistance
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperglycemia
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Overweight|Weight Loss
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100704607	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight glucose small for gestational age
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass cholesterol, HDL diabetes, type 2 glucose insulin metabolic syndrome triglycerides
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:clinicopathological characteristics of hepatocellular carcinoma
tcf7l2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 glucose insulin
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 glucose insulin
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis|Leukemia
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:Iron Overload|Myeloproliferative Disorders
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis; hepatocellular carcinoma
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; hemochromatosis; iron metabolism
LOC100702695	GAD_DISEASE:porphyria cutanea tarda
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:porphyria cutanea tarda
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:DupuytrenQs disease
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:DupuytrenQs disease
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:DupuytrenQs disease
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:DupuytrenQs disease
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:keloid disease
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:keloid disease
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:keloid disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:keloid disease
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:keloid disease
p53	GAD_DISEASE:keloid disease
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis ParkinsonQs disease
tgfb2	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary fibrosis sarcoidosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary fibrosis sarcoidosis
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary fibrosis sarcoidosis
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic|Marfan Syndrome|Syndrome
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic|Marfan Syndrome|Syndrome
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting|Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic|
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting|Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic|
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Neoplasm Invasiveness|osteosarcoma
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Dilatation, Pathologic|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Dilatation, Pathologic|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm|Stroke
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm|Stroke
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm|Stroke
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Aneurysm|Stroke
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 diabetic nephropathy
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 diabetic nephropathy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 diabetic nephropathy
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:increased colon cancer
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:kidney cancer; bladder cancer
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:non-syndromic cleft lip
LOC100695177	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer; keloid disease
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer; keloid disease
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:cleft palate and calvaria defects.
LOC100712573	GAD_DISEASE:pancreaticobiliary maljunction-associated biliary tract tumors
trpc1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic
trpc1	GAD_DISEASE:Infantile hypertrophic pyloric stenosis
LOC100695568	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Generalized|Epilepsy, Reflex
LOC100696021	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercalciuria|Kidney Calculi
LOC100696843	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging 
LOC109194230	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging 
epha4	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging 
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging 
LOC100697477	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging 
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Brain imaging 
LOC100702008	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver carcinoma|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver neoplasms
tmem106b	GAD_DISEASE:Frontotemporal lobar degeneration 
tmem127	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Pheochromocytoma
tmem132c	GAD_DISEASE:Suicide, Attempted
fam110c	GAD_DISEASE:Suicide, Attempted
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Allergic Rhinitis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Alveolitis, Extrinsic Allergic|
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue|
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Echinococcosis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Myoclonic Epilepsy, Juvenile
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Epstein-Barr Virus Infections|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate|Rhinitis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100701247	GAD_DISEASE:Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:ReiterQs syndrome
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis, atopic
tbxa2r	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis, atopic
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis, atopic
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:dermatitis, atopic
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:echinococcosis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:inflammatory urogenital disease
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:interferon response
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:interferon response
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:interferon response
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:malaria; hypoglycemia; hyperparasitemia
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:malaria; hypoglycemia; hyperparasitemia
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:measles
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis; IgA nephropathy
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis; IgA nephropathy
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent respiratory papillomatosis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:rhinitis
tap1	GAD_DISEASE:urinary calculus
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:urinary calculus
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:urinary calculus
trim44	GAD_DISEASE:response to antipsychotic therapy (extrapyramidal side effects)
tpm1	GAD_DISEASE:nemaline myopathy
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:nemaline myopathy
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; aggressive behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; aggressive behavior
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:Borderline Personality Disorder
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorder; suicidal behavior
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:aggressive behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:aggressive behavior
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:anger-related traits
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder; alcoholism; panic disorder; narcolepsy
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder; alcoholism; panic disorder; narcolepsy
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder; depression
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:bulimia harm avoidance personality traits
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:depressed suicide; suicide due to depression
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depressed suicide; suicide due to depression
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder; affective psychoses
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder; affective psychoses
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:depressive episode, major
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:harm avoidance novelty seeking personality traits
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:impulsive behavior
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:impulsive behavior
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:impulsive inpatients
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:nicotine; personality trait
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis schizophrenia
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:self-harm behavior
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:self-harm behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:self-harm behavior
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:somatic anxiety
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:suicidal behavior
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:suicidal behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:suicidal behavior
tph1	GAD_DISEASE:suicide.
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome
hps1	GAD_DISEASE:Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome
hps3	GAD_DISEASE:Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:full-length deletion of the tyrosinase gene
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:ocular albinism
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:temperature-sensitive enzymatic activity
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:type I-A (tyrosinase-negative) oculocutaneous albinism
LOC100700374	GAD_DISEASE:type IB (yellow) oculocutaneous albinism
th	GAD_DISEASE:Manic depressive illness
th	GAD_DISEASE:Nicotine dependence
th	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol-withdrawal delirium
th	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; left ventricular function; blood pressure; left ventricular structure
th	GAD_DISEASE:borderline personality disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:borderline personality disorder
th	GAD_DISEASE:catecholamine turnover
th	GAD_DISEASE:high-altitude pulmonary edema
th	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular structure
th	GAD_DISEASE:manic depressive disorders
th	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cerebral infarct; left ventricular hypertrophy; brain hemorrhage; abdominal aortic aneurysm
th	GAD_DISEASE:tobacco use disorder
ube2i	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis
uimc1	GAD_DISEASE:age at menarche/menopause
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:age at menarche/menopause
mcm8	GAD_DISEASE:age at menarche/menopause
unc13d	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphohistiocytosis, Hemophagocytic
LOC100708515	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphohistiocytosis, Hemophagocytic
unc13d	GAD_DISEASE:systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Diabetes Complications|Diabetes mellitus|Obesity
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Cholangitis, Sclerosing|Churg-Strauss Syndrome|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Multiple Sclerosis|Psoriasis
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Obesity|Overweight
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Endometrial Neoplasms|Glucose Intolerance|Insulin Resistance
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Endometrial Neoplasms|Glucose Intolerance|Insulin Resistance
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Overweight
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Neuropathies
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Neuropathies
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperglycemia|Insulin Resistance|Sepsis
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2; energy expenditure
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension; obesity, localized
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:exercise efficiency
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:fat reduction obesity
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; lipids; obesity; glucose; blood pressure; hormones
LOC100712231	GAD_DISEASE:peritoneal dialysis
LOC100707737	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Atresia|Choledochal Cyst|
LOC100696849	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance insulin
LOC100696419	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance insulin
vipr1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Achalasia
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Lp(a)
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Lp(a)
vldlr	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor A
zfpm2	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor A
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Hemorrhage|Recurrence|Thrombosis
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Diseases|Calcinosis
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Disease|Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Thromboembolism
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari Syndrome
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari Syndrome
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari Syndrome
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari Syndrome
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders|Coronary Disease
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage|
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Thromboembolism
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Thromboembolism|Thrombosis
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Proteinuria|Recurrence
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Renal Insufficiency|Thrombophilia
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:Warfarin response
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:acenocoumarol anticoagulation
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:acenocoumarol maintenance dosage
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:acenocoumarol response
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:anticoagulant complications
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:aortic dissection atherosclerosis, coronary stroke
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:oral anticoagulants
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:over anticoagulation
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:phenprocoumon
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:phenprocoumon requirements
LOC100706346	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin maintenance dose
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin maintenance dose
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Cushing Syndrome
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|von Willebrand Diseases
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:dominant type 1 von WillebrandQs disease
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:plasma vWF
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:proliferative retinopathy
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:reduced levels of von Willebrand factor messenger RNA
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:type 1 von Willebrand disease
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Diseases
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Disease|von Willebrand Diseases
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand Disease|von Willebrand Diseases
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand disease type 2N
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand factor
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:von Willebrand factor binding
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:von WillebrandQs Disease
vwf	GAD_DISEASE:von WillebrandQs factor levels
zdhhc8	GAD_DISEASE:smooth pursuit eye movement abnormality
zeb1	GAD_DISEASE:Corneal Dystrophies, Hereditary|Hereditary corneal dystrophy|Hernia, Abdominal
zmat4	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Glucose
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Glucose
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Glucose
zmat4	GAD_DISEASE:fasting plasma glucose
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:fasting plasma glucose
gck	GAD_DISEASE:fasting plasma glucose
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:fasting plasma glucose
prdm5	GAD_DISEASE:fasting plasma glucose
znf469	GAD_DISEASE:Blind Vision|Blindness|Corneal Diseases|Syndrome
LOC100695448	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise
maip1	GAD_DISEASE:Exercise
LOC100695448	GAD_DISEASE:exercise (leisure time)
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease depression psychoticism
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; anxiety disorder; depression; psychoses; aggressive behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; anxiety disorder; depression; psychoses; aggressive behavior
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; psychosis
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Sudden Infant Death
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Bedwetting|Constipation|Diurnal Enuresis|Nocturnal Enuresis|Sleep Arousal Disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Deliberate self-harm
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Deliberate self-harm
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Major Depression
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Major Depression
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine
LOC100710571	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson Disease(C10.228.140.079.862.500)/genetics
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Tardive Dyskinesia in Schizophrenia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Urinary Incontinence
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; behavior problems
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; alcoholic psychosis
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa personality traits
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa personality traits
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa; bulimia nervosa
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:antidepressant medication intolerance.
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder; seasonal affective disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:aura
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar I disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; mania, antidepressant-induced
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; mania, antidepressant-induced
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; unipolar disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; unipolar disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:bulimia
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:bulimia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bulimia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cardiovascular disease; obesity; hyperuricemia
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:completed suicide
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:delusions hallucinations psychoses
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; nausea
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:energy intake; fat intake
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:food and alcohol intake
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:impulse behavior
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; lipids; obesity; glucose; leptin
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits, Impulsivity
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:platelet phamacodynamics
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:psychiatric status
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:psychiatric symptoms
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis, puerperal
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:psychotic symptomatology of mood disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:psychotic symptomatology of mood disorders
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:response to clozapine
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:risperidone treatment response
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; affective disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; psychoses; aggressive behavior; verbal fluency
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; psychoses; aggressive behavior; verbal fluency
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; suicide
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; therapeutic response
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; verbal fluency
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:sleep disorders; body mass
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:suicidal behavior in depressed patients.
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:suicidal ideation and suicide.
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:suicide; suicidal ideation
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:temporomandibular dysfunction
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:treatment response in psychotic patients
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:treatment response in psychotic patients
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:unipolar affective disorder
htr2a	GAD_DISEASE:weight gain, antipsychotic drug-induced
LOC100703495	GAD_DISEASE:radiographic knee osteoarthritis
LOC100701327	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer laryngeal cancer melanoma prostate cancer thyroid cancer
arl15	GAD_DISEASE:Adiponectin levels
arl15	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial cholesterol insulin resistance metabolic syndrome
LOC100707971	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin lipodystrophy
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Ataxia Telangiectasia
mre11	GAD_DISEASE:Ataxia Telangiectasia
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Ataxia Telangiectasia|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Ataxia Telangiectasia|Louis-Bar syndrome|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Ataxia Telangiectasia|Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|Meningeal Neoplasms|meningioma
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Neoplasms
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Radiation Pneumonitis|Small cell carcinoma of lung|Small Cell Lung Carcinoma
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
prkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
atm	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
atm	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage DNA repair lung cancer
atm	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin disease
atm	GAD_DISEASE:ataxia telangiectasia
atm	GAD_DISEASE:ataxia-telangiectasia
atm	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; HodgkinQs disease
atm	GAD_DISEASE:diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
atm	GAD_DISEASE:fibrosis, subcutaneous
atm	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer silicosis
atm	GAD_DISEASE:mutations in the ATM gene
atm	GAD_DISEASE:radiation-induced ocular telangiectasia
atm	GAD_DISEASE:radiosensitivity
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:Cholestasis, Intrahepatic
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose 
gck	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose 
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose 
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:fasting glucose 
abcb11	GAD_DISEASE:plasma glucose, basal hepatic glucose  and increased insulin release
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:plasma glucose, basal hepatic glucose  and increased insulin release
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:affective disorders/ suicide
abcg1	GAD_DISEASE:aggression suicide
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Diseases in Twins|Gallstones
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Diseases in Twins|Gallstones
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol absorption
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol absorption
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
prkaa2	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, LDL lipids lipoprotein
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, LDL lipids lipoprotein
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL triglycerides
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL triglycerides
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL triglycerides
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL triglycerides
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL triglycerides
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; insulin; metabolism disorders
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; insulin; metabolism disorders
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, total
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, total
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, LDL; campesterol; sitosterol
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, LDL; campesterol; sitosterol
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:gallstone disease
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:gallstone disease
abcg5	GAD_DISEASE:serum lipids
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:serum lipids
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:serum lipids
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Bile Duct Neoplasms|Biliary calculi|Gallstones
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Coronary Artery Disease
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
abcg8	GAD_DISEASE:Phytosterols
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|Carcinoma, Papillary|Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|Neoplasm Invasiveness|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Papillary|thryoid nodules|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms|Thyroid Nodule
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Papillary|Lymphatic Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma, Oxyphilic|Carcinoma, Medullary|Carcinoma, Papillary|Medullary carcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
rasa1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma, Oxyphilic|Carcinoma, Medullary|Carcinoma, Papillary|Medullary carcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma, Oxyphilic|Carcinoma, Medullary|Carcinoma, Papillary|Medullary carcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Papillary and follicular adenocarcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Goiter, Nodular|Hashimoto Disease|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Hashimoto Disease|Lymphatic Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Neoplasm Metastasis|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Neoplasm Invasiveness|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Recurrence|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Recurrence|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Nodule
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|thryoid nodules|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms|Thyroid Nodule
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Papillary|Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability|Neoplasm Metastasis
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Melanoma|Nevus|Skin Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Microsatellite Instability|Nevus, Pigmented|Skin Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|Thyroid Neoplasms
braf	GAD_DISEASE:papillary thyroid cancers.
braf	GAD_DISEASE:papillary thyroid carcinoma
braf	GAD_DISEASE:papillary thyroid carcinomas
braf	GAD_DISEASE:primary melanomas.
braf	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; cocaine abuse
braf	GAD_DISEASE:thryoid cancer
braf	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer; Hashimoto thyroiditis
LOC100711499	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Atria
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer breast cancer, male colorectal cancer ovarian cancer prostate cancer
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:neuroblastoma (high-risk)
bard1	GAD_DISEASE:uterine cancers
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms, Male
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Breast Neoplasms, Male|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Prostatic|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms|Prostatic Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Breast Neoplasms, Male|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Breast Neoplasms, Male|Mammary Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Intraductal, Noninfiltrating|Carcinoma, Lobular|Mammary Neoplasms|Noninfiltrating Intraductal Carcinoma|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Intraductal, Noninfiltrating|Mammary Neoplasms|Noninfiltrating Intraductal Carcinoma
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma|Melanoma|Neoplastic Syndromes, Hereditary|Ovarian Neoplasms|Pancreatic Neoplasms|Prostatic Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Ovarian Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Chromosome Breakage|Mammary Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colonic Neoplasms|Lymphoma|Mammary Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colonic Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|DNA Damage|Mammary Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Fallopian Tube Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms|Peritoneal Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Lymphoma|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Lymphoma|Mammary Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Prostatic|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms|Prostatic Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
perp	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Neoplastic Syndromes, Hereditary|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Ovarian Neoplasms|Pancreatic Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma in Situ|Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast|Invasive Ductal Breast Carcinoma|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|melanoma|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Fallopian Tube Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms|Peritoneal Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|Fallopian Tube Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Neoplasms|melanoma|Tumour of eye
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Fallopian Tube Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Fallopian Tube Neoplasms|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Peritoneal Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Fallopian Tube Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Fallopian Tube Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Neoplasms, Second Primary
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Neoplasms, Second Primary
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Invasiveness|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplastic Syndromes, Hereditary|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer risk and prenatal viability
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer, familial
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer, male
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer, male
sem1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer, male
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:breast-conserving treatment
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:chemotherapy-related toxicity
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:genotyping of frequent BRCA1/2 SNPs
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Uveal Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms|Peritoneal Neoplasms
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreas adenocarcinomas
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreas adenocarcinomas
p53	GAD_DISEASE:pancreas adenocarcinomas
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:prenatal viability
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:prophylactic breast surgery
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:spontaneous chromosomal instability
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer; ovarian cancer
brca2	GAD_DISEASE:uveal melanoma
btg1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis|Recurrence
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Pyelonephritis
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:Waldenstrom macroglobulinaemia
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:Waldenstrom macroglobulinaemia
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis hepatitis B, chronic
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis hepatitis B, chronic
LOC100704146	GAD_DISEASE:pyelonephritis vesicoureteral reflux
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infected Long- Term Nonprogressors
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:HIV/SIV infection
cxcr4	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; HIV disease progression
cd2ap	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Nephrotic Syndrome
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; blood pressure; insulin resistance
cd36	GAD_DISEASE:variable age at onset disease
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Asperger syndrome
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroanatomy
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:Translocation, Genetic
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:brain morphology depressive disorder, major
disc1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia sustained attention
gnpat	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia sustained attention
poli	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
efhc1	GAD_DISEASE:Myoclonic Epilepsy, Juvenile
efhc2	GAD_DISEASE:Turner Syndrome
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:early onset drusen
efemp1	GAD_DISEASE:familial age-related macular degeneration
enah	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|Proteinuria
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
ercc1	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Nervous System Diseases
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|melanoma|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|melanoma|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Hepatitis C|Liver Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Hyperkeratosis, Epidermolytic|Precancerous Conditions|Skin Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Helicobacter Infections
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Helicobacter Infections
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Helicobacter Infections
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Melanoma|Skin Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA adducts
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:DNA adducts
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:DNA adducts
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:DNA adducts
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea|Esophageal Neoplasms|Neutropenia|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea|Esophageal Neoplasms|Neutropenia|Stomach Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea|Esophageal Neoplasms|Neutropenia|Stomach Neoplasms
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Diseases|Sunburn
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:Xeroderma pigmentosum and trichothiodystrophy
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:arsenic-induced hyperkeratosis
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:hyperkeratosis
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; esophageal cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; esophageal cancer
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer; squamous cell carcinoma
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:skin lesion
ercc2	GAD_DISEASE:squamous cell carcinomas of the head and neck (SCCHN) and breast cancer
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Cockayne Syndrome|DNA Damage
ercc8	GAD_DISEASE:Cockayne Syndrome|DNA Damage
ercc6	GAD_DISEASE:Cockayne syndrome or the DeSanctis-cacchione variant of xeroderma pigmentosum
ercc8	GAD_DISEASE:Cockayne Syndrome|Genetic Diseases, Inborn
etv6	GAD_DISEASE:childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia
eya4	GAD_DISEASE:alpha-Macroglobulins
fancc	GAD_DISEASE:fanconi anemia
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; schizophrenia
fyn	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; alcoholism
fli1	GAD_DISEASE:EwingQs sarcoma
gpr85	GAD_DISEASE:acylcarnitine
gabpa	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
gata3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypersensitivity, Immediate|Rhinitis
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Heart Septal Defects
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Abnormalities|Heart Diseases
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Septal Defects|Tetralogy of Fallot
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital|Syndrome
gata4	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Septal Defects, Atrial|Tetralogy of Fallot
gab2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease (late onset)
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease (late onset)
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Pain
myb	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Pain
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Sickle cell anemia
myb	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Sickle cell anemia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Sickle cell anemia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Sickle cell anemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Sickle cell anemia
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Sickle cell anemia|Thalassemia
myb	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Sickle cell anemia|Thalassemia
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia
myb	GAD_DISEASE:beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:beta(0)-thalassemia
myb	GAD_DISEASE:beta(0)-thalassemia
hbs1l	GAD_DISEASE:other erythrocyte phenotypes
myb	GAD_DISEASE:other erythrocyte phenotypes
epo	GAD_DISEASE:other erythrocyte phenotypes
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Neuropathies|Kidney Failure, Chronic
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Magnesium Deficiency|Wasting Syndrome
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:Prostate-Specific Antigen
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Prostate-Specific Antigen
hnf1b	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer diabetes, type 2  
hps3	GAD_DISEASE:Hermanski-Pudlak Syndrome
ikzf1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
ikzf1	GAD_DISEASE:acute lymphoblastic leukemia
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Acute T Cell Leukemia|Leukemia-Lymphoma, Adult T-Cell
LOC100704264	GAD_DISEASE:Acute T Cell Leukemia|Leukemia-Lymphoma, Adult T-Cell
jak1	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Philadelphia Chromosome|Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Philadelphia Chromosome|Polycythemia Vera|Primary Myelofibrosis|Thrombocythemia, Essential|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic
LOC100691904	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; beta-cell function; insulin
klf7	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity|Overweight
lrp1b	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Nerve
mypn	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Nerve
lrp2	GAD_DISEASE:cisplatin toxicity
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Dyslipidemias|
LOC100705426	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Lactose Intolerance|Osteoporosis|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Lactose Intolerance|Osteoporosis|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Lactose Intolerance|Osteoporosis|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
LOC100707481	GAD_DISEASE:Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Lymphoma, B-Cell, Marginal Zone|Stomach Neoplasms
mdga2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Viscosity
nkain2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Viscosity
ripor2	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Viscosity
dph6	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Viscosity
LOC100694109	GAD_DISEASE:lupus erythematosus sepsis systemic inflammatory response syndrome
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Neuroblastoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Oligodendroglioma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Oligodendroglioma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis, Viral, Human|Liver Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cell Transformation, Viral|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cocarcinogenesis|Mouth Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Fibrosis|Mouth Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Choroid Plexus Neoplasms|Choroid Plexus Papilloma|Papilloma, Choroid Plexus
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Choroid Plexus Neoplasms|Choroid Plexus Papilloma|Papilloma, Choroid Plexus
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic B-Cell Leukemias|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic B-Cell Leukemias|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic B-Cell Leukemias|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Experimental|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Lung Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Lung Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Neoplasms, Second Primary
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid|Neoplasms, Second Primary
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Leukoplakia|Mouth Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Leukoplakia|Mouth Neoplasms
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Leukoplakia|Mouth Neoplasms
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Li-Fraumeni Syndrome
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Li-Fraumeni Syndrome
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Metastasis|Neuroblastoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteosarcoma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Osteosarcoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Osteosarcoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:adipose-tissue tumors
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer peritoneal cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer peritoneal cancer
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic adenocarcinoma
recql	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic adenocarcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic adenocarcinoma
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and SAPHO syndrome
p53	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and SAPHO syndrome
mdm2	GAD_DISEASE:somatic P53 mutations in hepatocellular carcinoma
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:Blast Crisis|Leukemia, Megakaryoblastic, Acute|Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Primary Myelofibrosis
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, myeloid myelodysplastic syndrome myeloid metaplasia myelomonocytic leukemia polycythemia vera thrombocythemia
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:myeloproliferative disorders; thrombocytosis
mpl	GAD_DISEASE:platelet count
LOC100699246	GAD_DISEASE:rapid progression of neuroblastomas
gnptab	GAD_DISEASE:Mucolipidoses
nf2	GAD_DISEASE:Acoustic Neurofibromatosis|meningioma|Neurofibromatosis 2|Spinal Neoplasms
nf2	GAD_DISEASE:Neurofibromatosis type 2
nf2	GAD_DISEASE:gastrointestinal nerve sheath tumors
nf2	GAD_DISEASE:neurofibromatosis2
nf2	GAD_DISEASE:vestibular schwannoma
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Squamous cell carcinoma
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Squamous cell carcinoma
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:Peptic Ulcer
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Peptic Ulcer
nfe2l2	GAD_DISEASE:lung injury, acute
nfkbie	GAD_DISEASE:pneumococcal empyema pneumonia
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:pneumococcal empyema pneumonia
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetic Nephropathies|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephrotic Syndrome
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Henoch-Schonlein purpura
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Proteinuria
LOC100708272	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Proteinuria
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephrotic Syndrome
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:glomerulosclerosis, focal nephrotic syndrome
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:microalbuniuria
nphs2	GAD_DISEASE:nephrosis
LOC100693976	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma|Nervous System Neoplasms
lnx1	GAD_DISEASE:Glioma|Nervous System Neoplasms
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:brain tumor
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:protein loss
mgmt	GAD_DISEASE:temozolomide
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Atrophies, Hereditary|Optic Atrophy, Autosomal Dominant|Optic Atrophy, Hereditary, Leber
opa3	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Atrophies, Hereditary|Optic Atrophy, Autosomal Dominant|Optic Atrophy, Hereditary, Leber
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Atrophy, Autosomal Dominant|Optic Atrophy, Hereditary, Leber
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Atrophy, Hereditary, Leber
LOC100694830	GAD_DISEASE:Optic Atrophy, Hereditary, Leber
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, normal tension glaucoma, primary open-angle
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:optic atrophy
opa1	GAD_DISEASE:optic atrophy and moderate deafness
pou1f1	GAD_DISEASE:combined pituitary hormone deficiency
rasgrp3	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension (young onset)
LOC100712255	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension (young onset)
rcbtb1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Eczema|Hay fever|Hypersensitivity|Respiratory Sounds|Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
rbm45	GAD_DISEASE:Narcolepsy-cataplexy syndrome
rmi1	GAD_DISEASE:Bloom Syndrome|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|melanoma|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia|Skin Neoplasms
arhgef7	GAD_DISEASE:menopause (age at onset)
mcm8	GAD_DISEASE:menopause (age at onset)
sel1l	GAD_DISEASE:autoimmune thyroid disease; thyroid disease, autoimmune
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:autoimmune thyroid disease; thyroid disease, autoimmune
sh2b3	GAD_DISEASE:coeliac disease
LOC100693073	GAD_DISEASE:coeliac disease
LOC100705439	GAD_DISEASE:short stature
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:short stature
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:short stature
sphkap	GAD_DISEASE:Resistin
tbc1d22a	GAD_DISEASE:Resistin
xkr4	GAD_DISEASE:Resistin
myo16	GAD_DISEASE:Resistin
LOC100711396	GAD_DISEASE:Resistin
pibf1	GAD_DISEASE:Resistin
kansl2	GAD_DISEASE:Resistin
chd1l	GAD_DISEASE:Resistin
pnpla4	GAD_DISEASE:Resistin
srprb	GAD_DISEASE:carbohydrate-deficient transferrin
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:carbohydrate-deficient transferrin
tbx4	GAD_DISEASE:Hip Dislocation, Congenital|Joint Instability
tbpl1	GAD_DISEASE:liver function; iron levels; ferritin; transferrin saturation
LOC100691895	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Marrow Diseases|Dyskeratosis Congenita|Syndrome
tab2	GAD_DISEASE:hemostatic factors and hematological phenotypes
negr1	GAD_DISEASE:hemostatic factors and hematological phenotypes
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Lung Injury|Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult|Sepsis|Systemic infection
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Cross Infection|Pneumonia, Ventilator-Associated|Sepsis|Systemic infection
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Leprosy|Malaria, Falciparum|Sepsis
tirap	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Tuberculosis
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Systemic lupus erythematosus
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Systemic lupus erythematosus
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Rheumatoid Arthritis|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic Scleroderma
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Nephritis|Systemic lupus erythematosus
tnfaip3	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Nephritis
LOC100690570	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Resorption|Calcinosis
tnfsf13b	GAD_DISEASE:Ascariasis|Asthma|
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:Ascariasis|Asthma|
lig4	GAD_DISEASE:Ascariasis|Asthma|
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:1-hydroxypyrene, urinary
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:1-hydroxypyrene, urinary
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:1-hydroxypyrene, urinary
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:1-hyrdoxypyrene glucuronide concentrations
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:1-hyrdoxypyrene glucuronide concentrations
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:7-ethyl-10-hydroxycamptothecin (SN-38) glucuronidation
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Acromegaly|Gilbert Disease|Liver Diseases
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Duodenal Neoplasms
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Gallbladder Diseases|Hyperbilirubinemia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Gallstones|Gilbert Disease
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Colorectal Neoplasms|Genitourinary Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Neutropenia|Urogenital Neoplasms
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Gilbert Disease|Hyperbilirubinemia|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Gilbert Disease|Hyperbilirubinemia|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Gilbert Disease|Hyperbilirubinemia|Kidney Neoplasms|Renal Cell Carcinoma
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Choledocholithiasis|
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Cholelithiasis|Gilbert Disease
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Cholelithiasis|Thalassemia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Diarrhea
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Diarrhea|Neutropenia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Intestinal Polyps
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:DNA
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea|Neoplasms
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Gilbert Disease
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Gilbert Disease|Hyperbilirubinemia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Gilbert syndrome
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Gilbert syndrome; Crigler-Najjar syndrome
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Gilbert syndrome; chemotherapy toxicity
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:GilbertQs syndrome
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Hyperbilirubinemia, Neonatal
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Hyperbilirubinemia, Neonatal
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Hyperbilirubinemia|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Hemoglobinopathies
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperbilirubinemia
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperbilirubinemia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperbilirubinemia, Hereditary
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperbilirubinemia, Hereditary
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperbilirubinemia, Neonatal
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperbilirubinemia, Neonatal
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperbilirubinemia, Neonatal|Jaundice
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Jaundice, Neonatal|Neonatal Jaundice
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Jaundice, Neonatal|Neonatal Jaundice
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Neutropenia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian Neoplasms|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:SN-38 pharmacokinetics
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:alpha-Thalassemia|Anemia, Sickle Cell|Cholelithiasis
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:atrasentan phamacokinetics
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:atrasentan phamacokinetics
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:beta-Thalassemia|Cholelithiasis
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:bilirubin cholelithiasis
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:bilirubin indinavir oral clearance lamivudine-triphosphate concentration zidovudine-triphosphate concentration
LOC100702162	GAD_DISEASE:bilirubin indinavir oral clearance lamivudine-triphosphate concentration zidovudine-triphosphate concentration
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:bilirubin; Gilbert syndrome
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:bilirubin; hemolysis
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:bilirubin; irinotecan pharmacogenetics
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; hormone levels
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; testosterone; estradiol
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:cancer; Gilbert syndrome
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:carvedilol phamacokinetics
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:carvedilol pharmacokinetics
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis; bilirubin
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis; sickle cell anemia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; diabetes, type 2; ulcerative colitis; cholesterol, LDL; liver disease;
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; diabetes, type 2; ulcerative colitis; cholesterol, LDL; liver disease;
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer irinotecan pharmacokinetics
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:global gene expression
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:hyperbilirubinemia
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:hyperbilirubinemia
slco2a1	GAD_DISEASE:hyperbilirubinemia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:hyperbilirubinemia; hepatocellular carcinoma
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:icterophyloric syndrome
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:irinotecan pharmacokinetics
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:irinotecan pharmacokinetics lung cancer
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:irinotecan toxicity
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:irinotecan-related diarrhea
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:jaundice
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:jaundice, neonatal
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic breast density
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:mycophenolate mofetil 
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:neonatal hyperbilirubinemia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:phenytoin
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:raltegravir
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:serum bilirubin concentration
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:sickle cell anemia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:sickle cell anemia
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:sickle cell anemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:sickle cell anemia
LOC100534482	GAD_DISEASE:sickle cell anemia; thalassemia; Gilbert syndrome
vtcn1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis (juvenile idiopathic)
wdr3	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Follicular|Carcinoma, Papillary|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
wdfy4	GAD_DISEASE:Aorta, Abdominal
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:Calcium signaling
xbp1	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine dependence
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine dependence
xk	GAD_DISEASE:McLeod syndrome
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Glioblastoma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions|Squamous cell carcinoma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Conjunctivitis|Peripheral Nervous System Diseases|Precancerous Conditions|Skin Diseases
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|DNA Damage|Neoplasms
apex1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|DNA Damage|Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|DNA Damage|Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:cardia cancer stomach cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous malignant melanoma
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:cytogenetic studies; nitrosamine; 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone; cytotoxicity
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma skin cancer
xrcc3	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma; nevus
xrcc5	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma
yeats4	GAD_DISEASE:response to diuretic therapy
LOC100690147	GAD_DISEASE:response to diuretic therapy
zic2	GAD_DISEASE:Neural tube defects
LOC100698414	GAD_DISEASE:Butyrylcholinesterase
LOC100698414	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery, Internal
acat2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; lipoproteins
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Hyperlipidemias
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Hyperlipidemias
acacb	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity, Abdominal
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Malaria
ada	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Malaria
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetes, Gestational|Insulin Resistance
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetes, Gestational|Insulin Resistance
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Hypersensitivity
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Generalized|Epilepsy, Tonic-Clonic
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:allergies
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triglycerides; obesity
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:haptoglobin development
acp1	GAD_DISEASE:triglyceride levels
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:triglyceride levels
atf3	GAD_DISEASE:Hypospadias
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Hypospadias
LOC100693415	GAD_DISEASE:Tooth Eruption
cacna1s	GAD_DISEASE:Tooth Eruption
adcy5	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac function
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac function
adipor2	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Insulin Resistance
LOC100706096	GAD_DISEASE:Circadian Rhythm
lin52	GAD_DISEASE:Circadian Rhythm
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic glomerulopathy; glomerulopathy, diabetic; kidney failure
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic macroangiopathy, diabetic stroke
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:microangiopathy
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:microvascular complications
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy, diabetic; retinopathy, diabetic
LOC100700843	GAD_DISEASE:nerve function
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Down Syndrome|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Down Syndrome|
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Amyloidosis, Familial|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100709268	GAD_DISEASE:Lewy Body Formation
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Infarction|Recurrence|Stroke
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic recurrent miscarriage
angpt2	GAD_DISEASE:uterine leiomyomas
p53	GAD_DISEASE:uterine leiomyomas
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Thrombophilia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Anaphylaxis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Infarction|Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis|Stroke
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Myocardial ischemia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Kidney Failure, Acute|Postoperative Complications|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Hypertension|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Coronary Restenosis
LOC100700997	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Coronary Restenosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetic Nephropathy|Hypertensive disease
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Eclampsia|Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced|Pre-Eclampsia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Erythropoietin Induced Hypertension
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Liver Cirrhosis|Obesity, Morbid
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Liver Cirrhosis|Obesity, Morbid
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pre-Eclampsia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pre-Eclampsia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Diseases|Liver Diseases, Alcoholic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Kidney Diseases
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis|Liver Cirrhosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Placenta Diseases|Premature Birth|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Placenta Diseases|Premature Birth|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Placenta Diseases|Premature Birth|Thrombophilia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension induced by pregnancy|Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced|Pre-Eclampsia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Pre-Eclampsia
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Insulin Resistance|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis
agt	GAD_DISEASE:Microangiopathy- Related Cerebral Damage (MARCD)
agt	GAD_DISEASE:angiotensinogen concentrations
agt	GAD_DISEASE:arterial disease, renal
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:arterial disease, renal
agt	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure phenotypes.
agt	GAD_DISEASE:carotid intimal-medial thickening
agt	GAD_DISEASE:coronary events
agt	GAD_DISEASE:familial hypertension of early onset.
agt	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension obesity
agt	GAD_DISEASE:immunoglobin A nephropathy
agt	GAD_DISEASE:mitral valve prolapse syndrome
agt	GAD_DISEASE:plasma renin and prorenin levels
agt	GAD_DISEASE:power sports performance
agt	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia; abruptio placentae
agt	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty
agt	GAD_DISEASE:serum concentrations of creatinine
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Disease Susceptibility
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Disease Susceptibility
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperphagia|Obesity|Weight Gain
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperphagia|Obesity|Weight Gain
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:Nervous System Diseases
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Nervous System Diseases
ankk1	GAD_DISEASE:electrocortical measures of error and feedback processing
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:electrocortical measures of error and feedback processing
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:electrocortical measures of error and feedback processing
anks1b	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy
anos1	GAD_DISEASE:Kallmann Syndrome
anos1	GAD_DISEASE:Kallmann syndrome
anos1	GAD_DISEASE:hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension|Obesity
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:Familial Combined Hyperlipoproteinemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Familial Combined Hyperlipoproteinemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:apoAI
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:apolipoprotein A-I levels
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac and cutaneous amyloidosis
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarction, atherosclerotic
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL triglycerides
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, VLDL
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; lipids
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; lipids; blood pressure, arterial
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total; glucose; stroke; carotid artery intima-media thickness
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total; apoB; apoAI
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, response to; dietary fat, response to
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL; lipids
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; lipoprotein, LDL; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:decreased production rate of apolipoprotein A-I
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; cardiovascular disease
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:elevated serum apolipoprotein AI and high density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:elevated serum apolipoprotein AI levels
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:familial combined hyperlipidaemia.
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic; lipoprotein
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:high density lipoprotein.
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:hyperalphalipoproteinemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:hyperlipidaemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:increased circulating high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:lipids triglycerides
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; left ventricular mass; aortic gradient; aortic valve stenosis
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; left ventricular mass; aortic gradient; aortic valve stenosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; left ventricular mass; aortic gradient; aortic valve stenosis
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; lipoprotein; cerebral infarct
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein AI
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:premature coronary artery disease and familial hypoalphalipoproteinemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:reduced HDL cholesterol and LpA-I
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:reduced expression of the apolipoprotein A-I gene and resolution of disputed paternity
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL; hyperlipidemia
LOC100708634	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; hypercholesterolemia
apaf1	GAD_DISEASE:affective illness 
LOC100703924	GAD_DISEASE:MENIERE DISEASE
LOC100698963	GAD_DISEASE:MENIERE DISEASE
LOC100692669	GAD_DISEASE:MENIERE DISEASE
LOC100698963	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Edema|Brain Injuries
LOC100698963	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Edema|Infarction, Middle Cerebral Artery
LOC100698963	GAD_DISEASE:temporal lobe epilepsy
LOC100694690	GAD_DISEASE:temporal lobe epilepsy
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma drug response
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:asthma, aspirin-induced; urticaria, aspirin-intolerant
alox5	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; folate; hyperhomocystinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; folate; hyperhomocystinemia
LOC100708704	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Insipidus, Neurogenic
LOC100708704	GAD_DISEASE:familial diabetes insipidus
LOC100708704	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary dementia.
LOC100708704	GAD_DISEASE:neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus
aipl1	GAD_DISEASE:Leber congenital amaurosis/LCA
aspm	GAD_DISEASE:Micrencephaly |Microcephaly
cenpj	GAD_DISEASE:Micrencephaly |Microcephaly
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:Micrencephaly |Microcephaly
aspm	GAD_DISEASE:Microcephaly
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:Microcephaly
aspm	GAD_DISEASE:brain size
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:brain size
aspm	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function head circumference social intelligence
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function head circumference social intelligence
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease
atg16l1	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Granuloma|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
blmh	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal|Pulmonary Fibrosis|Testicular Neoplasms
blmh	GAD_DISEASE:bleomycin-induced pneumonitis
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis|Overweight
bmp2	GAD_DISEASE:iron burden
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|HHT - Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia|Intestinal Polyposis|Neoplastic Syndromes, Hereditary|Telangiectasia, Hereditary Hemorrhagic
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:Intestinal Polyposis
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:Juvenile polyposis syndrome; polyposis, gastric
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile polyposis
bmpr1b	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile polyposis
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile polyposis
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:juvenile polyposis syndrome
LOC100691573	GAD_DISEASE:polyposis, juvenile
bmpr1b	GAD_DISEASE:increased ovulation rate
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Hypertension|Hypertension, Pulmonary|Tricuspid Valve Insufficiency
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital; pulmonary hypertension
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary hypertension; scleroderma
LOC100694986	GAD_DISEASE:vasoreactivity
bckdha	GAD_DISEASE:Maple Syrup Urine Disease
baz1b	GAD_DISEASE:Protein C
LOC100709064	GAD_DISEASE:Protein C
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Protein C
creb1	GAD_DISEASE:anger expression
cdh23	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss, noise induced
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:mental illness
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:mental illness
cacna1c	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia | depression
LOC100709916	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial body mass cholesterol, HDL metabolic syndrome
LOC100709916	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular complications diabetes, type 2 hypertension obesity polycystic ovarian syndrome
LOC100712579	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:ADHD | post-traumatic stress disorder
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Pain|Irritable Bowel Syndrome
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:Marijuana Abuse|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:P300 event-related potential
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse drug dependence
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass cholesterol triglycerides
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:cannabis dependence
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:depression in ParkinsonQs disease
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:high neuroticism and low agreeableness
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:iv drug use
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:response to cannabis
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia substance abuse
cnr1	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; cocaine dependence
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Hyperammonemia
cps1	GAD_DISEASE:Homocysteine levels 
LOC100534432	GAD_DISEASE:carbonyl reductase 1
LOC100704819	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Failure|Neoplasms
LOC100693549	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal|Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
comp	GAD_DISEASE:multiple epiphyseal dysplasia; pseudoachondroplasia
comp	GAD_DISEASE:osteoarthrosis
comp	GAD_DISEASE:pseudoachondroplasia
comp	GAD_DISEASE:pseudoachondroplasia and multiple epiphyseal dysplasia
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia|Multiple Myeloma
LOC109194206	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer cervical cancer colorectal cancer esophageal cancer lung cancer stomach cancer
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Lung Diseases, Interstitial|Scleroderma, Systemic
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis|Schistosomiasis
ctgf	GAD_DISEASE:morbidity mortality
LOC100702684	GAD_DISEASE:heteroallelic ceruloplasmin gene mutation
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Barrett Esophagus|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Barrett Esophagus|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|DNA Damage|Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colonic Neoplasms|Neoplasms|Prostatic Neoplasms
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Squamous cell carcinoma
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer cancer colorectal cancer prostate cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer colorectal cancer
chek2	GAD_DISEASE:estrogen receptor status
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:Idiopathic environmental intolerance
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; hallucinations
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; hallucinations
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; liver disease, alcoholic
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; liver disease, alcoholic
LOC100700667	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; alcoholism; liver disease, alcoholic
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; alcoholism; liver disease, alcoholic
LOC100691234	GAD_DISEASE:autoimmune myasthenia gravis
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Coloboma|Congenital Heart Defects|Disease Models, Animal|Facial paralysis|Heart Defects, Congenital|Syndrome
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Genetic Diseases, Inborn|Kallmann Syndrome|Syndrome
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Syndrome
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:CHARGE syndrome
chd7	GAD_DISEASE:SCOLIOSIS
chga	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Renal|Kidney Failure, Chronic
chga	GAD_DISEASE:endothelial function
cldn14	GAD_DISEASE:kidney stones
clu	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
clu	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, LDL; carotid atherosclerosis
clu	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; preeclampsia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:AHG deficiency disease|Chromosome Inversion|Hemophilia A|Hemorrhage|Inversion, Chromosome
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:AHG deficiency disease|Chromosome Inversion|Hemophilia A|Hemorrhage|Inversion, Chromosome
f5	GAD_DISEASE:AHG deficiency disease|Hemophilia A|Hemorrhage|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:AHG deficiency disease|Hemophilia A|Hemorrhage|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Abortion, Spontaneous|Obstetric Labor Complications|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Abortion, Spontaneous|Obstetric Labor Complications|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Abruptio Placentae|Activated Protein C Resistance|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Abruptio Placentae|Activated Protein C Resistance|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Abruptio Placentae|Activated Protein C Resistance|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Activated Protein C Resistance|Fetal Growth Retardation|Hypertension|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Activated Protein C Resistance|Fetal Growth Retardation|Hypertension|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Activated Protein C Resistance|Infertility, Female|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Activated Protein C Resistance|Infertility, Female|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Activated Protein C Resistance|Infertility, Female|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Activated Protein C Resistance|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Pregnancy Complications|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Pregnancy Complications|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Recurrence
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Recurrence
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Recurrence
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Abruptio Placentae|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Abruptio Placentae|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Abruptio Placentae|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Abruptio Placentae|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Abruptio Placentae|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Activated Protein C Resistance|Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Activated Protein C Resistance|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Recurrence|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Death|Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Placenta Diseases|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Death|Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Placenta Diseases|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Death|Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Death|Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Growth Retardation|Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Growth Retardation|Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Growth Retardation|Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Growth Retardation|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Growth Retardation|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Growth Retardation|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Pregnancy Complications|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Pregnancy Complications|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Pregnancy Complications|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Acute Disease|Disseminated intravascular coagulation|Poisoning
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Antithrombin III Deficiency|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Puerperal Disorders|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Antithrombin III Deficiency|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Puerperal Disorders|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Graft Occlusion, Vascular
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Femur Head Necrosis|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Blood Coagulation Disorders|Liver Diseases|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Cardiovascular Diseases|Polycythemia Vera|Recurrence|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Central Nervous System Vascular Malformations
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Factor V Deficiency|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|HELLP Syndrome
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|HELLP Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|HELLP Syndrome
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Hemochromatosis|Iron Overload|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Hemochromatosis|Iron Overload|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Homocystinuria|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Muscle Spasticity|Sepsis|Septic Shock|Shock, Septic|Systemic infection|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Homocystinuria|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Muscle Spasticity|Sepsis|Septic Shock|Shock, Septic|Systemic infection|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Intracranial Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Intracranial Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Intracranial Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Infection|Neoplasms|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Infection|Neoplasms|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Multiple Myeloma|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Myocardial Infarction
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Recurrence|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Recurrence|Thrombophilia
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Recurrence|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Postoperative Complications|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Postoperative Complications|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Postphlebitic Syndrome|Varicose Ulcer
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Puerperal Disorders|Pulmonary Embolism|Thrombophilia|Thrombophlebitis|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Protein S Deficiency|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Protein S Deficiency|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Recurrence|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Recurrence|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Retinal Neovascularization|Retinal Vein Occlusion
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Retinal Vein Occlusion
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Retinal Vein Occlusion
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Retinal Vein Occlusion
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis|Venous Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Venous Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Venous Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Osteonecrosis|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Osteonecrosis|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Osteonecrosis|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Sickle cell anemia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Sickle cell anemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Sickle cell anemia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Sickle cell anemia|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Sickle cell anemia|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Sickle cell anemia|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta-Thalassemia|Sickle Cell Trait|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|beta-Thalassemia|Sickle Cell Trait|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Heart Defects, Congenital|Infection|Polycythemia|Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Heart Defects, Congenital|Infection|Polycythemia|Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Heart Defects, Congenital|Infection|Polycythemia|Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Diseases|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|Heart Defects, Congenital|Heart Diseases|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Antithrombin III Deficiency|Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Splenomegaly|Thrombophilia|Turner Syndrome|Venous Thrombosis|XO syndrome
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Antithrombin III Deficiency|Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Splenomegaly|Thrombophilia|Turner Syndrome|Venous Thrombosis|XO syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Antithrombin III Deficiency|Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Splenomegaly|Thrombophilia|Turner Syndrome|Venous Thrombosis|XO syndrome
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apnea|Apoplexy|Blood Coagulation Disorders|Brain Ischemia|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypotony, Muscle|Muscle Hypotonia|Protein C Deficiency|Seizures|Stroke|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apnea|Apoplexy|Blood Coagulation Disorders|Brain Ischemia|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypotony, Muscle|Muscle Hypotonia|Protein C Deficiency|Seizures|Stroke|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apnea|Apoplexy|Blood Coagulation Disorders|Brain Ischemia|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Hypotony, Muscle|Muscle Hypotonia|Protein C Deficiency|Seizures|Stroke|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atrial Fibrillation|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atrial Fibrillation|Embolism|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atrial Fibrillation|Embolism|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atrial Septal Defects|Brain Ischemia|Diabetes mellitus|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial|Hypertension|Intracranial Thrombosis|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Stroke|Transient Ischemic Attack
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atrial Septal Defects|Brain Ischemia|Diabetes mellitus|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial|Hypertension|Intracranial Thrombosis|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Stroke|Transient Ischemic Attack
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atrial Septal Defects|Embolism, Paradoxical|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial|Migraine with Aura|Stroke|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atrial Septal Defects|Embolism, Paradoxical|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial|Migraine with Aura|Stroke|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atrial Septal Defects|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial|Stroke|Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atrial Septal Defects|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial|Stroke|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Embolism and Thrombosis|Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Embolism and Thrombosis|Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Stroke|Thrombosis|Transient Ischemic Attack
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Stroke|Thrombosis|Transient Ischemic Attack
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke|Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Stroke|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Brain Infarction|Brain Ischemia|Coronary Artery Disease|Stroke|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Autoimmune Diseases|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hypertension|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Artery Disease|
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Artery Disease|
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Heart Diseases|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Thrombosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Retinal Artery Occlusion|Retinal Vein Occlusion
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Retinal Artery Occlusion|Retinal Vein Occlusion
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Thrombosis
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Cardiovascular Diseases|Metabolic Syndrome X|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Cardiovascular Diseases|Metabolic Syndrome X|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Cardiovascular Diseases|Metabolic Syndrome X|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Cerebral Palsy|Intracranial Thrombosis|Obstetric Labor Complications|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hemorrhage|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Post-partum bleeding|Postpartum Hemorrhage|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Post-partum bleeding|Postpartum Hemorrhage|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Myocardial Infarction
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Pulmonary Embolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders|Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Recurrence|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders|Cardiovascular Diseases|Optic Neuropathy, Ischemic
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders|Cardiovascular Diseases|Optic Neuropathy, Ischemic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders|Cardiovascular Diseases|Optic Neuropathy, Ischemic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders|Eclampsia|HELLP Syndrome|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders|Legg-Perthes Disease|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders|Legg-Perthes Disease|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders|Puerperal Disorders|Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders|Puerperal Disorders|Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders|Puerperal Disorders|Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Loss, Surgical
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Platelet Disorders|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Platelet Disorders|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Platelet Disorders|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone necrosis|Femur Head Necrosis|Osteonecrosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Bone necrosis|Femur Head Necrosis|Osteonecrosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Bone necrosis|Osteonecrosis|Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Bone necrosis|Osteonecrosis|Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Diabetes Mellitus|Hyperlipidemias|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Diabetes Mellitus|Hyperlipidemias|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Foramen Ovale, Patent|Stroke|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Foramen Ovale, Patent|Stroke|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hemorrhage
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hemorrhage
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari Syndrome|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari syndrome liver transplant portal vein thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari syndrome liver transplant portal vein thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari syndrome liver transplant portal vein thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari syndrome liver transplant portal vein thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Cirrhosis|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Cirrhosis|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Cirrhosis|Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Cirrhosis|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hearing Loss, Sudden|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hearing Loss, Sudden|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Infarction|Recurrence
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Infarction|Recurrence
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Infarction|Recurrence
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Infarction|Recurrence
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Infarction|Recurrence
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Thrombosis
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis|Disease Progression
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Vascular Malformations|Intracranial Arteriovenous Malformations|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Vascular Malformations|Intracranial Arteriovenous Malformations|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|Hemiplegia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Palsy|Hemiplegia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coagulation Protein Disorders|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coagulation Protein Disorders|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ischemic|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ischemic|
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis, Ulcerative|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Colitis|Colonic Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Polyps|Gastrointestinal Diseases|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Communicable Diseases|Disease Susceptibility|Sepsis|Systemic infection
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Fetal Death|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Fetal Death|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Puerperal Disorders|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Puerperal Disorders|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Recurrence|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Constriction, Pathologic|Ischemia|Peripheral Arterial Disease|Peripheral Arterial Diseases|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Constriction, Pathologic|Ischemia|Peripheral Arterial Disease|Peripheral Arterial Diseases|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Syndrome|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Syndrome|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Syndrome|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction|Syndrome
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction|Syndrome
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Coronary Stenosis|Diabetes Complications
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Coronary Stenosis|Diabetes Complications
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Coronary Stenosis|Diabetes Complications
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Coronary Stenosis|Diabetes Complications
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Myocardial ischemia|Sudden Cardiac Death
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Myocardial ischemia|Sudden Cardiac Death
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden|Pulmonary Embolism|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden|Pulmonary Embolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Dyspnea|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Eclampsia|Factor V Deficiency|Pre-Eclampsia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Eclampsia|Pre-Eclampsia|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Eclampsia|Pre-Eclampsia|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Eclampsia|Pre-Eclampsia|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Embryo Loss|Fetal Death
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Embryo Loss|Genetic Diseases, Inborn|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Embryo Loss|Genetic Diseases, Inborn|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Embryo Loss|Habitual aborter NOS|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Endotoxemia|Inflammation|Sepsis|Systemic infection
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Escherichia coli Infections|Haemolytic-uraemic syndrome|Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Escherichia coli Infections|Haemolytic-uraemic syndrome|Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Escherichia coli Infections|Haemolytic-uraemic syndrome|Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal and Gastric Varices|Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage|Liver Cirrhosis|Postoperative Complications|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal and Gastric Varices|Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage|Liver Cirrhosis|Postoperative Complications|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal and Gastric Varices|Gastrointestinal Hemorrhage|Liver Cirrhosis|Postoperative Complications|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Factor V Deficiency
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Factor V Deficiency|Hypoprothrombinemias|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Pulmonary Embolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Factor V Deficiency|Hypoprothrombinemias|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Pulmonary Embolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Factor V Deficiency|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis|Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Death
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Death
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Death
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Diseases|Fetal Growth Retardation|Hypertension induced by pregnancy|Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Diseases|Fetal Growth Retardation|Hypertension induced by pregnancy|Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|HELLP Syndrome|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|HELLP Syndrome|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Pre-Eclampsia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Gastroschisis|Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Gastroschisis|Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Gastroschisis|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher Disease|Hypertension, Pulmonary|Necrosis|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher Disease|Hypertension, Pulmonary|Necrosis|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher Disease|Hypertension, Pulmonary|Necrosis|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher Disease|Legg-Perthes Disease|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher Disease|Legg-Perthes Disease|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Gaucher Disease|Legg-Perthes Disease|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency
f5	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP Syndrome|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP Syndrome|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Haemolytic-uraemic syndrome|Hematologic Diseases|Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome|Purpura, Thrombocytopenic|Thrombocytopenic purpura
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hearing Loss, Sudden|Sensorineural Hearing Loss
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hearing Loss, Sudden|Sensorineural Hearing Loss
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hypercholesterolemia|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Sensorineural Hearing Loss|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Hypercholesterolemia|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Sensorineural Hearing Loss|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Sensorineural Hearing Loss|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Sensorineural Hearing Loss|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sensorineural|Sensorineural Hearing Loss|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sudden|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sudden|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sudden|Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sudden|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Hemorrhage
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Hemorrhage
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Myocardial Infarction|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome|Purpura, Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome|Purpura, Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hemolytic-Uremic Syndrome|Purpura, Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hemophilia A|Hemophilia B|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hemophilia A|Hemophilia B|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hemophilia A|Hemophilia B|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Recurrence|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Recurrence|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Thrombosis|von Willebrand Disease
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Thrombosis|von Willebrand Disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Henoch-Schoenlein Purpura|Purpura, Schoenlein-Henoch|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Henoch-Schoenlein Purpura|Purpura, Schoenlein-Henoch|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Henoch-Schoenlein Purpura|Purpura, Schoenlein-Henoch|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Intracranial Thrombosis|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Intracranial Thrombosis|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Myeloproliferative Disorders|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Recurrence|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Recurrence|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Recurrence|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Stroke
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension induced by pregnancy|Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia|Venous Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced|Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced|Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Infant, Premature, Diseases|Intracranial Hemorrhages
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Thrombosis|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Thrombosis|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Ischemia|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Ischemia|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Ischemia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Ischemia|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Ischemia|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Leg Injuries|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Mesenteric Vascular Occlusion|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Mesenteric Vascular Occlusion|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Mesenteric Vascular Occlusion|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Myeloproliferative Disorders|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Stroke|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Postoperative Complications|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Venous Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Venous Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Recurrence|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Upper Extremity Deep Vein Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Recurrence|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Upper Extremity Deep Vein Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Venous Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Nervous System Diseases|Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Nervous System Diseases|Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Nervous System Diseases|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Postthrombotic Syndrome|Varicose Veins|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Postthrombotic Syndrome|Varicose Veins|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Systemic Scleroderma
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Systemic Scleroderma
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Systemic Scleroderma
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:PerthesQ disease
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Phlebitis|Pulmonary Embolism|Varicose Veins|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Phlebitis|Pulmonary Embolism|Varicose Veins|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Phlebitis|Pulmonary Embolism|Varicose Veins|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Placenta Diseases|Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Placenta Diseases|Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Placenta Diseases|Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications|Postoperative Hemorrhage
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications|Recurrence|Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications|Recurrence|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-Eclampsia|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Puerperal Disorders|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Recurrence|Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Venous Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Premature Birth|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Protein C Deficiency|Protein S Deficiency|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Protein Deficiency|Recurrence|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Protein Deficiency|Recurrence|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Protein S Deficiency|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Protein S Deficiency|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders|Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Recurrence|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Recurrence|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis|Wegener Granulomatosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis|Wegener Granulomatosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis|Wegener Granulomatosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Recurrence
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Recurrence
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Recurrence
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Embolism|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Thrombophilia|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Thrombophilia|Venous Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrent deep-vein thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Vein Occlusion
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Vein Occlusion
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Vein Occlusion
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Retinopathy of Prematurity|Vitreoretinopathy, Proliferative
fzd4	GAD_DISEASE:Retinopathy of Prematurity|Vitreoretinopathy, Proliferative
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Sneddon Syndrome
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Stomach Neoplasms|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thalassemia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboangiitis Obliterans|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboangiitis Obliterans|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis|Vitamin B Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis|Vitamin B Deficiency
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Thrombosis|Varicose Veins
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Thrombosis|Varicose Veins
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Varicose Ulcer|Varicose Veins
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Varicose Ulcer|Varicose Veins
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis|Varicose Ulcer
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Thrombosis|Venous Thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:Vertebral Artery Dissection
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Vertebral Artery Dissection
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Vertebral Artery Dissection
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Vertebral Artery Dissection
f5	GAD_DISEASE:activated protein C resistance
f5	GAD_DISEASE:acute coronary events
f5	GAD_DISEASE:acute lymphocytic leukemia|Hematologic Neoplasms|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:acute lymphocytic leukemia|Hematologic Neoplasms|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:acute lymphocytic leukemia|Hematologic Neoplasms|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:acute myocardial infarction
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:acute myocardial infarction
f5	GAD_DISEASE:acute traumatic spinal cord injury
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:acute traumatic spinal cord injury
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:acute traumatic spinal cord injury
f5	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage
f5	GAD_DISEASE:beta-Thalassemia|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:beta-Thalassemia|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:beta-Thalassemia|Thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:beta-thalassemia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:beta-thalassemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:beta-thalassemia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:beta-thalassemia major
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:beta-thalassemia major
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:beta-thalassemia major
f5	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage bronchopulmonary dysplasia leukomalacia sepsis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage bronchopulmonary dysplasia leukomalacia sepsis
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage bronchopulmonary dysplasia leukomalacia sepsis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:chronic hepatitis C virus infection.
f5	GAD_DISEASE:deficiency of coagulation factor V
f5	GAD_DISEASE:delayed graft function acute rejection episodes and long-term graft dysfunction
f5	GAD_DISEASE:factor V coagulation activity thromboembolism, venous
f5	GAD_DISEASE:factor V levels
f5	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss | thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss | thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss | thrombophilia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss | thrombophilia
f5	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, late; pregnancy loss, recurrent
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:fetal loss, late; pregnancy loss, recurrent
f5	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary thrombophilia.
f5	GAD_DISEASE:high frequency of factor V Leiden mutation.
f5	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth retardation
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth retardation
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:intrauterine growth retardation
f5	GAD_DISEASE:natural menopause.
f5	GAD_DISEASE:patent foramen ovale
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:patent foramen ovale
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:patent foramen ovale
f5	GAD_DISEASE:placental vascular complications
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:placental vascular complications
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:placental vascular complications
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:placental vascular complications
f5	GAD_DISEASE:post myocardial infarction complications
f5	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia; hypertension, gestational
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia; hypertension, gestational
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia; hypertension, gestational
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia; hypertension, gestational
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia; hypertension, gestational
f5	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent; fetal loss
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent; fetal loss
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent; fetal loss
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent; fetal loss
f5	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy-related first time venous thrombosis 
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy-related first time venous thrombosis 
f5	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary thromboembolism thromboembolism, venous
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary thromboembolism thromboembolism, venous
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:pulmonary thromboembolism thromboembolism, venous
f5	GAD_DISEASE:recurrence and early onset of venous thrombosis
f5	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent abortions
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent abortions
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent abortions
f5	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent fetal loss
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent fetal loss
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent fetal loss
f5	GAD_DISEASE:reduced intrapartum blood loss--a possible evolutionary selection mechanism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:retinal artery occlusion
f5	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic; cerebrovascular disease; thrombosis, arterial
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic; cerebrovascular disease; thrombosis, arterial
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic; cerebrovascular disease; thrombosis, arterial
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous, pregnancy-related
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous, pregnancy-related
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous, pregnancy-related
proc	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous, pregnancy-related
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous; homocysteine; thromboembolism, arterial
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous; homocysteine; thromboembolism, arterial
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous; homocysteine; thromboembolism, arterial
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous; protein C
proc	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous; protein C
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis and resistance to activated protein C
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis of the central retinal vein trans Mutation 1691 g-->a du gene du facteur V
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, arterial thrombosis, venous
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, arterial thrombosis, venous
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, cerebral
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, cerebral
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, cerebral
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, cerebral
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, cerebral venous
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein; pulmonary thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein; pulmonary thromboembolism
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein; pulmonary thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein; pulmonary thromboembolism
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, venous
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, venous
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, venous
serpina10	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, venous
f5	GAD_DISEASE:thrombotic risk factors
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:thrombotic risk factors
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thrombotic risk factors
f5	GAD_DISEASE:unexplained foetal loss 
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:unexplained foetal loss 
f5	GAD_DISEASE:varicose ulcers
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:varicose ulcers
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:varicose ulcers
f5	GAD_DISEASE:venous thromboembolism
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:venous thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:venous thromboembolism
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death heart failure myocardial infarct
LOC100710693	GAD_DISEASE:nonfatal myocardial infarction.
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial stiffness
col4a1	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Calcification
col4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Calcification
LOC100703383	GAD_DISEASE:Vascular Calcification
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Age-related Macular Degeneration
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Atherosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases|Rheumatoid Arthritis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Atherosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases|Rheumatoid Arthritis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Cardiovascular Diseases|Neoplasms|Rheumatoid Arthritis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Neoplasms|Sepsis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Endometriosis
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Endometriosis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Endometriosis
c5	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Lupus Nephritis|Nephritis SLE
c5	GAD_DISEASE:multiple autoimmune diseases
LOC100699513	GAD_DISEASE:Leber congenital amaurosis
cdk1	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; dementia
cth	GAD_DISEASE:female infertility
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:female infertility
amh	GAD_DISEASE:female infertility
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:female infertility
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Multiple System Atrophy|Nervous System Diseases|Parkinson Disease|Polyradiculoneuropathy, Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating|Tauopathies
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; dementia, vascular
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; dementia, vascular
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia in Lewy Body Disease
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive impairment; Alzheimers disease
LOC100711094	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; angina; cystatin C
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:2
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:3
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:7
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin; pharmacokinetics
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Tobacco Use Disorder
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Tobacco Use Disorder
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Hypopharyngeal Neoplasms|Laryngeal Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Lung Diseases|Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Neoplasms
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:Hydrophthalmos
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:Hydrophthalmos
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:bladder cancer leukemia, myeloid lung cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:breast and lung cancer
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer paclitaxel pharmacokinetics
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:catecholestrogen formation; catecholestrogen metabolism
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:chronic benzene poisoning
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:chronic benzene poisoning
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic benzene poisoning
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:estradiol urinary estrogen metabolites
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:estrogen levels
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary congenital
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle ocular hypertension
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle; glaucoma, primary congenital
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle; glaucoma, primary congenital
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:hot flashes
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:hot flashes
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:mental development
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:metabolism of benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P)
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:phenanthrene metabolite ratios, urinary
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:phenanthrene metabolite ratios, urinary
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:prenatal environment exposure
cyp1b1	GAD_DISEASE:primary congenital glaucoma
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:17-{beta} estradiol levels
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Endometrial Neoplasms
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Fetal Growth Retardation|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Insulin Resistance|Overweight|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Size
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Endometriosis|Ovarian Diseases
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Leiomyoma|Neoplasms, Multiple Primary|Uterine Neoplasms
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic ovaries and premature male pattern baldness
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:acne
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:biliary duct stones; biliary tract cancer; gallbladder cancer; gallstones
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; breast cancer, male
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:cholestasis, intrahepatic
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer endometrial hyperplasia
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer; hyperinsulinemia
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:hepatic teatosis, tamoxifen-induced
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:hormone levels
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:liver function
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:liver function
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:male breast cancer
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:menarche menstrual cycle length
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:prostate cancer, benign prostatic hyperplasia
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:serum estrogen and progesterone concentrations
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:serum testosterone levels
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:spondyloarthropathies
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:spondyloarthropathies
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:spondyloarthropathies
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:testosterone; bone density; stature
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:transsexualism
cyp17	GAD_DISEASE:uterine fibroids
LOC100704054	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; brain lesions or calcifications
LOC100704054	GAD_DISEASE:age at menarche
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:age at menarche
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:age at menarche
LOC100702543	GAD_DISEASE:iron levels
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:iron levels
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:iron levels
LOC100706916	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|
LOC100709804	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|
dapk1	GAD_DISEASE:pediatric lymphoma
LOC100703660	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia|Tachycardia, Ventricular
pkp2	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia|Tachycardia, Ventricular
LOC100699159	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder panic disorder
LOC100689795	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:5-fluorouracil-associated toxicity
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:5-flurouracil toxicity
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Stomach Neoplasms
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Hematologic Neoplasms
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase activity
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:Dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer colorectal cancer esophageal cancer lung cancer lymphoma stomach cancer
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; diabetes, type 2; blood pressure, arterial; liver disease; periodontitis; acenocoumarol response; acetaldehyde;
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase level
dpyd	GAD_DISEASE:fluorouracil toxicity
ddah1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Coronary Artery Disease|Stroke|Thrombosis
dlg5	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease and IBD
dlx2	GAD_DISEASE:neurodevelopmental psychiatric disorders
LOC100701586	GAD_DISEASE:neurodevelopmental psychiatric disorders
foxp2	GAD_DISEASE:neurodevelopmental psychiatric disorders
LOC100712246	GAD_DISEASE:neurodevelopmental psychiatric disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Akathisia, Drug-Induced|Dystonia
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Basal Ganglia Diseases
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Marijuana Abuse|Substance-Related Disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Stress
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders|
pi4ka	GAD_DISEASE:Amphetamine-Related Disorders|
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Iron-Deficiency|Iron deficiency anaemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Iron-Deficiency|Iron deficiency anaemia
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Basal Ganglia Diseases
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Memory Disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Cigarette Smoking
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperprolactinaemia|Hyperprolactinemia
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperprolactinemia|Tic Disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Nausea and Vomiting
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Nausea and Vomiting
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:Substance Withdrawal Syndrome|Substance-Related Disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol-use disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism antisocial personality disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; cirrhosis
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; cirrhosis
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:anovulation and fecundity
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:antipsychotic agent-induced weight gain
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:aura anxiety and depression
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:binge eating disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:brain receptor-binding characteristics
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:changed midbrain volumes
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence.
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:creation of victimization
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:delirium tremens
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:delirium tremens
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:early-onset alcoholism
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:elevated blood pressure and personality disorders
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:general cognitive ability
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:general cognitive ability
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:heritability of stature
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:heroin use and response to methadone treatment
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:major psychosis
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:mother and child behavior
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:myoclonus dystonia
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity|ovarian cancer
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:opium abuse
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:personality trait detachment
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:posttraumatic stress disorder.
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses; methamphetamine dependence
plat	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses; methamphetamine dependence
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:reduced dopamine D2 receptor binding
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:reduced dopamine D2 receptor density
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:reduced energy expenditure
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:schizoaffective disorder schizophrenia tardive dyskinesia
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; affective disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; schizoaffective disorder; affective disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:severity of alcohol dependence
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:short-term response to haloperidol treatment
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:stress disorder
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:substance abusers
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:substance use
drd2	GAD_DISEASE:tic; combined vocal and multiple motor|Tourette Syndrome
LOC100534555	GAD_DISEASE:Germinoma
dync2h1	GAD_DISEASE:Small Cell Lung Carcinoma
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperglycemia|Insulin Resistance
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Obesity|Overweight
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Genetic Predisposition to Disease
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperinsulinism
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X|Myocardial ischemia
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Viremia
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cerebrovascular disease, ischemic diabetes, type 2 metabolic syndrome
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, generalized diabetes, type 2 hypertension obesity
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL; insulin; obesity; leptin
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; diabetes, type 2; insulin; glucose; insulin resistance; PC-1 protein content; systolic blood pressure
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:glucose insulin obesity
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; lipoprotein; lipids
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:ossification of spine
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:ossification of spine
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:ossification of spine
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament of the spine
col6a1	GAD_DISEASE:ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament of the spine
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament of the spine
LOC100691991	GAD_DISEASE:ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament of the spine (OPLL)
emx2	GAD_DISEASE:schizencephaly
LOC100710174	GAD_DISEASE:Aminopeptidases
LOC100710174	GAD_DISEASE:response to antihypertensive therapy.
erap2	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Rheumatoid spondylitis|Spondylitis, Ankylosing
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Anoxia
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Altitude Sickness|Anoxia
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary|Polycythemia
epas1	GAD_DISEASE:erythropoietin
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Digestive System Abnormalities|Hirschsprung Disease
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Digestive System Abnormalities|Hirschsprung Disease
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung disease
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Hirschsprung disease
LOC100712046	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders|Stroke
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders|Stroke
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:1
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:3-butadiene
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:3-butadiene sensitivity
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:3-butadiene toxicity
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:1-hydroxypyrene, urinary OH-phenanthrenes
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:1-hydroxypyrene, urinary; DNA adducts, aromatic; mutagenicity, urinary
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:2-hydroxyethyl mercapturic acid
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Carcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Hypercapnia|Hypertension, Pulmonary|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Hypercapnia|Hypertension, Pulmonary|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Hypercapnia|Hypertension, Pulmonary|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:COPD severity
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Oropharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage, biomarkers of
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:HodgkinQs disease; non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Occupational Diseases|Respiratory Tract Diseases
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:Pancreatic Diseases
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:acrylamide
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:asbestosis or pleural plaques
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:bronchitis; pneumonia
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:carbamazepine
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:carbamazepine hypersensitivity
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD emphysema
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis; hepatocellular carcinoma; hepatitis
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal polyps (adenoma or hyperplastic)
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:encephalopathy, solvent-induced
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal carcinoma
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:exposure to 1
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:infant birthweight
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma; HodgkinQs disease
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:malignant mesothelioma
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:microsomal epoxide hydrolase
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:orolaryngeal cancer
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:perinatal mortality
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:phenytoin-induced congenital malformations
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia.
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:styrene
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:styrene toxicity
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:vinyl choride toxicity
LOC100711364	GAD_DISEASE:warfarin dose
esco2	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Craniofacial Abnormalities|Mental Retardation|Syndrome
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Anorexia Nervosa.
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Stroke|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Venous Thromboembolism
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Ovarian Neoplasms
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Stenosis|
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Low Tension Glaucoma
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Vision Disorders
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Varicose Ulcer
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:Menstruation Disturbances
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:antithrombin fibrinogen protein C protein S thrombosis, deep vein
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:bone density cholesterol
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:bone density fracture risk osteoporosis, postmenopausal
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:bone density fractures, vertebral
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density fractures, vertebral
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; GravesQ disease; thyroiditis, HashimotoQs
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL lipoprotein
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:estradiol
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine nitric oxide
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:hormone replacement therapy 
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:in vitro fertilization
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular mass; left ventricular wall thickness
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:menopause; premenstrual symptoms
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:menstrual disorders
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:ovulatory dysfunctions
LOC100534515	GAD_DISEASE:semen quality
exoc2	GAD_DISEASE:Black vs blond hair color
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Black vs blond hair color
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Black vs blond hair color
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Black vs blond hair color
fam167a	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus|Systemic Scleroderma
lck	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Scleroderma, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus|Systemic Scleroderma
fabp1	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cardiac death myocardial infarct stroke
fabp1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease cholesterol, LDL diabetes, type 2 triglycerides
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease cholesterol, LDL diabetes, type 2 triglycerides
fabp1	GAD_DISEASE:increased plasma triglyceride levels
fgf23	GAD_DISEASE:fibrous dysplasia
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:Cryoglobulinemia|Lymphoma
LOC100689834	GAD_DISEASE:cryoglobulinemic fibronectin lymphoma
flrt3	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Mental Retardation|Syndrome
macrod2	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Multiple|Mental Retardation|Syndrome
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:folate
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:folate; hyperhomocystinemia
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic; folate; homocysteine
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney failure, chronic; folate; homocysteine
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant; folate; homocysteine
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant; folate; homocysteine
folh1b	GAD_DISEASE:lower levels of serum folate and hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100710946	GAD_DISEASE:Meningomyelocele
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Meningomyelocele
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:Meningomyelocele
fst	GAD_DISEASE:muscle phenotypes
mstn	GAD_DISEASE:muscle phenotypes
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:muscle phenotypes
foxl2	GAD_DISEASE:BPES
foxl2	GAD_DISEASE:Blepharophimosis|Blepharoptosis|POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Syndrome
foxl2	GAD_DISEASE:granulosa cell tumor|Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms|Thecoma
foxp2	GAD_DISEASE:Articulation Disorders|Disorders
fzd4	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Diseases|Retinal Diseases
fzd4	GAD_DISEASE:familial exudative vitreoretinopathy
frzb	GAD_DISEASE:heterotropic ossification osteolysis
galm	GAD_DISEASE:Serotonin Plasma Membrane Transport Proteins
LOC100690703	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral ischemic events
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Cholesteatoma
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Complete Hearing Loss|Deafness
tmie	GAD_DISEASE:Complete Hearing Loss|Deafness
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss|Syndrome
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:Presbycusis
slc26a5	GAD_DISEASE:Presbycusis
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:cytomegalovirus hearing loss/deafness
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:hearing impairment|Hearing Loss|Hearing Loss, High-Frequency
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss, nonsyndromic sensorineural
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss, sensorineural
otof	GAD_DISEASE:hearing loss, sensorineural
LOC100696753	GAD_DISEASE:non-syndromic deafness
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus 
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Hyperglycemia|Pregnancy Complications
gck	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetes, Gestational|Gestational diabetes mellitus 
gck	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight glucose
gck	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, post-renal transplant; post-renal transplant diabetes
gck	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance; metabolic syndrome; hyperglycemia
gck	GAD_DISEASE:glucose; birth weight
gck	GAD_DISEASE:glycated hemoglobin levels
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:glycated hemoglobin levels
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:glycated hemoglobin levels
gck	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic and cardiovascular traits
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic and cardiovascular traits
gck	GAD_DISEASE:reduced beta-cell function
gck	GAD_DISEASE:reduced early insulin response to oral glucose
gck	GAD_DISEASE:type 2 diabetic
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Pancreatic Diseases
g6pc2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin secretion
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:insulin secretion
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:2-thiothiazolidine-4-carboxylic acid levels
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:2-thiothiazolidine-4-carboxylic acid levels
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:berylliosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:berylliosis
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:berylliosis
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:body burden of methylmercury
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:body burden of methylmercury
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:decreased glutathione production.
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 glutamate decarboxylase antibody
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:immunologic markers among vulcanization workers 
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:immunologic markers among vulcanization workers 
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:methylmercury retention
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:methylmercury retention
gclc	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; coronary endothelial vasomotor dysfunction
LOC100711430	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatic Encephalopathy|Liver Cirrhosis
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Bladder Neoplasm|Kidney Neoplasms|Ureteral Neoplasms|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Bladder Neoplasm|Kidney Neoplasms|Ureteral Neoplasms|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Urologic Neoplasms
LOC100699693	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Urologic Neoplasms
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
capg	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II
LOC100696412	GAD_DISEASE:stroke; dementia
gpcpd1	GAD_DISEASE:Visual Cortex
gldc	GAD_DISEASE:hyperglycinemia, nonketotic
amt	GAD_DISEASE:hyperglycinemia, nonketotic
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:Dyskinesia, Drug-Induced|Movement Disorders
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinoma.
gsk3b	GAD_DISEASE:psychotic symptoms in mood disorders
gp1bb	GAD_DISEASE:Bernard-Soulier Syndrome
LOC100710205	GAD_DISEASE:Bernard-Soulier Syndrome
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Acromegaly|Body Weight
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Acromegaly|Cardiovascular Diseases|Colonic Diseases|Osteoarthritis|Osteoporosis|Spinal Fractures
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Growth Disorders
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Cushing Disease
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Dwarfism, Pituitary|Pituitary dwarfism
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Prognathism
matn1	GAD_DISEASE:Prognathism
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:Turner syndrome
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass prostate cancer
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:bone density height
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:bone density height
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol height
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 metabolism syndrome
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:grow intrauterine growth
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:growth homones insulin
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:growth hormone concentrations insulin-like growth factor
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:growth hormone deficiency
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:growth hormone responsiveness
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:growth hormone-deficiency
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:growth response to growth hormone therapy
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:growth response to growth hormone therapy
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:growth response to growth hormone therapy
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension stroke
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic short stature
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:mandibular height
ghr1	GAD_DISEASE:small-for-gestational-age
gda	GAD_DISEASE:Suicidal Ideation
LOC100711851	GAD_DISEASE:Suicidal Ideation
hspd1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Diabetes Mellitus
hspd1	GAD_DISEASE:spastic paralysis
spast	GAD_DISEASE:spastic paralysis
hells	GAD_DISEASE:Acenocoumarol
hells	GAD_DISEASE:Ticlopidine
hmcn1	GAD_DISEASE:glomerular filtration rate macular degeneration
LOC100702822	GAD_DISEASE:Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation
LOC100702822	GAD_DISEASE:Sepsis|Systemic Inflammatory Response Syndrome
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; bronchial hyperresponsiveness
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:cortisol histamine
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:erythrocyte histamine N-methyltransferase activity
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:histamine N-methyltransferase
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:histamine N-methyltransferase activity
LOC100704419	GAD_DISEASE:methylprednisolone pharmacokinetics
LOC100708655	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Thrombosis
LOC100708655	GAD_DISEASE:Partial Thromboplastin Time
hdac2	GAD_DISEASE:ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma|Adenoma
habp2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|Liver Cirrhosis
habp2	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triglycerides; atherosclerosis, coronary
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Uremia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Uremia
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Uremia
LOC100534568	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary and sporadic prostate cancer susceptibility.
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary and sporadic prostate cancer susceptibility.
hmbs	GAD_DISEASE:Porphyria, Acute Intermittent
hmbs	GAD_DISEASE:porphyria
hmbs	GAD_DISEASE:porphyria, acute intermittent (AIP)
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function executive function memory disturbance
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function executive function memory disturbance
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; glucose; HbA1c
LOC100706901	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; insulin; glucose
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Obesity
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Obesity
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity|Overweight
insig2	GAD_DISEASE:obesity triglycerides
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Barrett Esophagus|Esophageal Neoplasms
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Barrett Esophagus|Esophageal Neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Diabetes Mellitus|Pancreatic Neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Diseases, Metabolic|Scoliosis
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Diseases
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Diseases
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Diseases
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasms|Prostatic Neoplasms
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast density
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:Breast density
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia|
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia|
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia|
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Growth Retardation|
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Hip Fractures|Proximal Humeral Fractures|Shoulder Fractures|Wrist Injuries
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:IGF-I
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:IGF-I levels; IGFBP-3 levels
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:IGF-I levels; IGFBP-3 levels
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:IGF1 plasma level
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:Laron-type dwarfism
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:body height
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; insulin-like growth factor
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; insulin-like growth factor
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:cytosine-adenosine repeat polymorphism of IGF-I gene
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; cardiovascular disease; birth weight
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; myocardial infarction
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:fasting insulin-related traits
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:fasting insulin-related traits
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:fat free mass
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:growth hormone-deficient
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin-like growth factor
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:insulin-like growth factor
LOC100702148	GAD_DISEASE:insulin-like growth factor
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin-like growth factor-1; Insulin-like growth factor-3
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:insulin-like growth factor-1; Insulin-like growth factor-3
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin-like growth factor-1; estrogen metabolism
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:insulin-like growth factor-1; estrogen metabolism
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin-like growth factors
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:insulin-like growth factors
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:low birthweight
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphocyte subset counts in neonates
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:microalbuminuria
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct, mortality in
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:postnatal growth
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:primary biliary cirrhosis]
igf1	GAD_DISEASE:stature among African Pygmies
igf2bp2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
igf2bp3	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|osteosarcoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|osteosarcoma
igf2r	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight fetal growth
LOC100712136	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight fetal growth
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:IGF-I activity and lipid parameters
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:IGFBP3 levels
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin-like growth factor-3; retinol
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Metastasis|Recurrence|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Prostatic Neoplasms
LOC100702310	GAD_DISEASE:breast density
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:beta-cell function; insulin secretion
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:impaired insulin secretion
irs2	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome; insulin resistance
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Stroke
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Stroke
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; hematology indices
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:fatal coronary events
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:gingival overgrowth, drug induced
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic; myocardial infarction; sudden cardiac death
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:intima-media thickness; carotid plaque
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cholesterol, HDL
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; angina
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; sudden cardiac death
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:platelet alpha(2)beta(1), densities of
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:platelet alpha2 beta1 density
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:platelet reactivity
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:thrombocytopenic purpura, iimmune
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein; BehcetQs disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis, deep vein; BehcetQs disease
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:thrombus formation, arterial
itga2	GAD_DISEASE:variation in platelet integrin alpha 2 beta 1 density
itga4	GAD_DISEASE:graft-versus-host disease; bone marrow transplantation
itgav	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:Enterocolitis|Hirschsprung Disease
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:MPO-ANCA+ vasculitis
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:anti-myeloperoxidase subtypes of ANCA-associated systemic vasculitides
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:leukocyte adhesion deficiency
LOC100703476	GAD_DISEASE:reduced risk of restenosis after coronary stenting
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Malaria
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; allergic rhinitis
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:atopic dermatitis, ocular
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:leishmaniasis, post-kala-azar
ifngr1l	GAD_DISEASE:mycobacteria
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease|Graves Disease|Hashimoto Disease
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:AddisonQs disease GravesQ disease
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:AddisonQs disease GravesQ disease
ifih1	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatomyositis|Lung Diseases, Interstitial|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100695542	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac
LOC100693986	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|
lck	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
lck	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Carotid Stenosis|Myocardial Infarction
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Pulmonary Fibrosis|Scleroderma, Systemic
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|SjogrenQs Syndrome|Systemic lupus erythematosus
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|SjogrenQs Syndrome|Systemic lupus erythematosus
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Fibrosis|Scleroderma, Systemic
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Fibrosis|Scleroderma, Systemic
irf5	GAD_DISEASE:WegenerQs granulomatosis- reduced risk
ifrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Cystic Fibrosis|Disease Models, Animal|Inflammation
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; atopic dermatitis
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; diabetes, type 1
LOC102077946	GAD_DISEASE:leiomyoma
fh	GAD_DISEASE:leiomyoma
LOC100696736	GAD_DISEASE:X-linked severe combined immunodeficiency
ift88	GAD_DISEASE:Depressive Disorder
dio3	GAD_DISEASE:free thyroxine and triiodothyronine
dio1	GAD_DISEASE:free thyroxine and triiodothyronine
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:free thyroxine and triiodothyronine
iapp	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2
iapp	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; diabetes, type 2
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; diabetes, type 2
iapp	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; cholesterol, LDL; diabetes, gestational
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms|Oligodendroglioma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms|Oligodendroglioma
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Glioblastoma|Nervous System Neoplasms
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma|Oligodendroglioma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma|Oligodendroglioma
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Monosomy|Recurrence
idh1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroectodermal Tumors, Primitive|Supratentorial Neoplasms
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:Alagille Syndrome|paucity of interlobular bile ducts (PILBD)|Pulmonary Valve Stenosis|Tetralogy of Fallot
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:Alagille syndrome
jag1	GAD_DISEASE:leukoencephalopathy
LOC100710579	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Ectodermal Dysplasia|Syndrome
LOC100711508	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Ectodermal Dysplasia|Syndrome
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Ectodermal Dysplasia|Syndrome
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Irritable Bowel Syndrome|Lactose Intolerance
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Irritable Bowel Syndrome|Lactose Intolerance|Milk Hypersensitivity
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Lactose Intolerance
mcm6	GAD_DISEASE:Lactose Intolerance
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Lactose Intolerance|Osteoporosis
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:Survival after allogeneic SCT
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:adult-type hypolactasia
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; calcium; fractures, nonvertebral; milk intolerance
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:glucose; lactose intolerance
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:hypolactasia
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:hypolactasia, adult-type
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:lactase non-persistence
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:lactase persistence
LOC102080755	GAD_DISEASE:lactose intolerance
lama2	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculoid type of leprosy
LOC102079881	GAD_DISEASE:Blindness|Retinal Degeneration
LOC100694376	GAD_DISEASE:Blindness|Retinal Degeneration
LOC102079881	GAD_DISEASE:Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Osteoporosis
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Inflammation
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:BMI. Fat Mass. and Leptin Levels
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight or Maternal BMI
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Fetal Weight|Obesity|Pregnancy in Diabetics
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Obesity|Pregnancy in Diabetics
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Intolerance|Obesity|Weight Loss
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Puberty, Delayed
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma|Mammary Neoplasms|Neovascularization, Pathologic
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Fatty Liver|
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Obesity|Weight Loss
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin in Obese Women with Impaired Glucose Tolerance (IGT)
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Juvenile Obesity
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity, Morbid|Postoperative Complications|Weight Loss
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Receptors, Leptin
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:Serum Insulin Levels in obese
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:binge eating
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:body mass index and waist circumference
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; cholesterol; insulin; glucose; blood pressure, arterial; sleep apnea; triglyceral
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2; hypertension; albuminuria; glycohemoglobin A1
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2; hypertension; albuminuria; glycohemoglobin A1
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; leptin; fat mass
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL; lipoprotein; fatty acid; uric acid
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; weight loss; weight gain
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:early-onset prostate cancer
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:eating patterns
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:hyperphagia obesity
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma; obesity, localized
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:metabolic rate; respiratory quotient
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:obesity (BMI = 30 kg/m2)
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; metabolic syndrome
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; metabolic syndrome
lepr	GAD_DISEASE:soluble leptin receptor levels 
lrmda	GAD_DISEASE:Tamoxifen
LOC100705920	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal|Fish Diseases|Leprosy|Tuberculosis
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:Digit length ratio 
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:Puberty, Delayed
lin28b	GAD_DISEASE:timing of puberty
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:High-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels
LOC100710519	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; lipoprotein
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:Cryptorchidism|Infertility, Male
gth-rii	GAD_DISEASE:familial male-limited precocious puberty.
kmt2a	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Leukemia, Myeloid|Myeloid Leukemia
kmt2a	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, myeloid myelodysplastic syndrome
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms|Stomach Ulcer
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery luminal dimensions
LOC100708330	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; esophageal cancer; stomach cancer
mfrp	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Abnormalities|Glaucoma, Angle-Closure
LOC100712477	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Abnormalities|Glaucoma, Angle-Closure
mfrp	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperopia
mfrp	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperopia|Microphthalmos|Myopia
mme	GAD_DISEASE:low amplitude P300 waves
mut	GAD_DISEASE:Amino Acid Metabolism, Inborn Errors
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:Amyloidosis|Behcet Syndrome|Familial Mediterranean Fever|Irritable Bowel Syndrome
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea|Familial Mediterranean Fever|Pain|Stomatitis, Aphthous
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:Familial Mediterranean Fever; hyper-IgD syndrome
mvk	GAD_DISEASE:mevalonate kinase deficiency
mcph1	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation|Microcephaly
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Endometrial Neoplasms|
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Recurrence
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Microsatellite Instability
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Microsatellite Instability
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Endometrial Neoplasms|Hereditary Nonpolyposis Colorectal Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms, Hereditary Nonpolyposis|Hereditary Nonpolyposis Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasms
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease and ulcerative colitis
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Neoplasms, Second Primary
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; colorectal cancer; esophageal cancer; stomach cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:colon polyps colorectal cancer
msh6	GAD_DISEASE:colon polyps colorectal cancer
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:functional differences
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary non-polyposis colon cancer.
mlh1	GAD_DISEASE:hypermethylation of the MLH1 gene
LOC100695943	GAD_DISEASE:microsatellite instability
myo7a	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Disorders
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Cardiomyopathy, Restrictive
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100711599	GAD_DISEASE:pronounced septal hypertrophy
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:Critical Illness|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult|Wounds and Injuries
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Injury|Pneumonia
LOC100694458	GAD_DISEASE:sepsis; lung injury, acute
mstn	GAD_DISEASE:muscle testing; sarcopenia
mstn	GAD_DISEASE:strength measures
nphp1	GAD_DISEASE:Joubert syndrome
nphp1	GAD_DISEASE:Nephritis, Interstitial|Polycystic Kidney Diseases
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Infant, Newborn, Diseases
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:Type II diabetes
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Type II diabetes
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:beta-cell function; diabetes, type 1
neurod1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; diabetes, gestational
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse alcoholism
ntrk2	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder; dysthymic disorder
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial glucose obesity
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 glucose insulin obesity
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 glucose insulin obesity
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:glucose insulin lipoprotein
nampt	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance insulin lipids
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Death, Sudden|Long QT Syndrome
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Death, Sudden, Cardiac|Heart Diseases
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies|Long QT Syndrome|Myocardial Infarction
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval prolongation
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:QT interval|Type 2 diabetes
nos1ap	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death QT interval
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. DRS. eosinophilia
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. DRS. eosinophilia
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. DRS. total IgE
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:EO
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:NO exhalation
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:Nephrosis, Lipoid
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:achalasia
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:acute chest syndrome asthma
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:enuresis, primary nocturnal
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:impulsiveness, venturesomeness and empathy
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:infantile hypertrophic pyloric stenosis.
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:neuronal NO synthase (NOS1) gene polymorphism
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:nitric oxide
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:nitric oxide, exhaled
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:sickle cell disease
nos1	GAD_DISEASE:tIgE
ndp	GAD_DISEASE:Cys39Arg mutation
ndp	GAD_DISEASE:Norrie disease
ndp	GAD_DISEASE:advanced retinopathy of prematurity
ndp	GAD_DISEASE:classical ocular phenotype
ndp	GAD_DISEASE:retinopathy of prematurity in Norrie disease
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:CYP3A metabolic activity
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:pharmacogenetics of cyclosporine
nr1i2	GAD_DISEASE:tacrolimus
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:tacrolimus
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Cardiovascular Diseases
nr4a2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; schizophrenia; personality traits
LOC100694543	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder Tourette syndrome
LOC100700859	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder Tourette syndrome
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:ACTH, rate of decrease; ACTH, rate of increase; cortisol response to opioid receptor blockade
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:CYP2D6 activity CYP3A4 activity
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Biliary|Pruritus
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Methadone-Related Deaths
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroblastoma|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Postoperative Nausea and Vomiting|Pruritus|Pruritus NOS
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:Pain, Postoperative|Pruritus|Pruritus NOS
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:addiction to heroin
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:adrenocorticotropic hormone cortisol
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol craving
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety-related traits
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety-related traits
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:body mass smoking behavior
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:cortical activation
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:cortisol response to opioid blockade
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:cortisol; ACTH
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:depression; anxiety-related traits
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:dyskinesias, levodopa-induced
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:health perception
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:heroin dependence
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:methamphetamine dependence psychosis
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:naltrexone response in alcohol-dependent patients
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:opioid abuse
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:opioid dependence
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:opioid dependence
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:pain intenity
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:pain tolerance, and opioid addiction
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:pain, postoperative
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:renal cancer; morphine response
LOC100712332	GAD_DISEASE:repiratory depression
opn1sw	GAD_DISEASE:tritanopia
optn	GAD_DISEASE:Wide-angle glaucoma
optn	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma LeberQs hereditary optic neuropathy optic atrophy, autosomal dominant
optn	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, early-onset glaucoma, normal tension
optn	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, normal-tension glaucoma, primary open-angle
optn	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma, primary open-angle; glaucoma, normal tension
optn	GAD_DISEASE:open-angle glaucoma
optn	GAD_DISEASE:primary open-angle glaucoma
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:primary open-angle glaucoma
otc	GAD_DISEASE:Ornithine Carbamoyltransferase Deficiency Disease
otof	GAD_DISEASE:Complete Hearing Loss|Deafness|hearing impairment|Hearing Loss
otof	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Central
otol1	GAD_DISEASE:Behavior
pak1	GAD_DISEASE:Jaw Abnormalities
prkcq	GAD_DISEASE:Jaw Abnormalities
LOC100697440	GAD_DISEASE:Henoch-Schonlein purpura nephritis
LOC100697440	GAD_DISEASE:isolated colobomas or colobomas associated
LOC100697440	GAD_DISEASE:kidney size, newborn
phox2a	GAD_DISEASE:congenital fibrosis of extraocular muscles type 2
LOC102075629	GAD_DISEASE:Knee osteoarthritis
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Lysine
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Paratyphoid Fever|Typhoid Fever
prkn	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinsonian Disorders
pink1	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinsonian Disorders
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholic Liver Diseases|Alcoholism|Fatty Liver, Alcoholic|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic|Liver Diseases, Alcoholic
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Fatty Liver|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Fibrosis
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Liver Diseases|Obesity|Overweight
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Overweight
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic|Liver Diseases, Alcoholic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic|Liver Diseases, Alcoholic
LOC100697802	GAD_DISEASE:Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:keratocystic odontogenic tumors
LOC100692939	GAD_DISEASE:keratocystic odontogenic tumors
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome associated
ptch1	GAD_DISEASE:proximal chromosome 9p to q and distal chromosome 9q
ptx3	GAD_DISEASE:PTX3 production and fertility
pex26	GAD_DISEASE:peroxisome-biogenesis disorder
pah	GAD_DISEASE:PKU
pah	GAD_DISEASE:Phenylketonurias
pah	GAD_DISEASE:hyperphenylalaninaemia
pah	GAD_DISEASE:intragenic polymorphic markers
pah	GAD_DISEASE:phenylalanine hydroxylase (PAH) deficiency
pah	GAD_DISEASE:phenylalanine hydroxylase deficiency
pah	GAD_DISEASE:phenylketonuria
pah	GAD_DISEASE:phenylketonuria/PKU
piga	GAD_DISEASE:clonal T-cell large granular lymphocyte disease
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Adenocarcinoma, Mucinous|Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast|Carcinoma, Lobular
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma in Situ|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasm Invasiveness
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma|Mammary Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Invasiveness|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:ductal carcinoma of the breast
LOC100704479	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; BarrettQs esophagus
pik3cb	GAD_DISEASE:esophageal cancer; BarrettQs esophagus
pik3cg	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity, Morbid
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Acromegaly|Adenoma|Pituitary Neoplasms
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms|Adrenocortical Adenoma|Precancerous Conditions
pde11a	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Carney Complex|Neoplasms, Testis|Sertoli Cell Tumor|Testicular Neoplasms
LOC100692702	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Function, Left
pgm1	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Body Weight|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
pla2g4a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; lipids; glucose
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Disease|Myocardial Infarction
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy, nonfamilial hypertrophic
pla2g7	GAD_DISEASE:inflammation oxidative stress
plcl1	GAD_DISEASE:hip bone size
pkp2	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia|
pkp2	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia|Cardiomyopathies
plat	GAD_DISEASE:Tissue type plasminogen activator-regulated; secretion
plat	GAD_DISEASE:tissue plasminogen activator release
plat	GAD_DISEASE:tissue-type plasminogen activator levels
plat	GAD_DISEASE:vascular t-PA release
pdgfd	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Diabetes Mellitus|Genetic Diseases, Inborn|Hypertension|Stroke
phldb1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Brain Neoplasms|Eczema|Glioma|Hay fever|Hypersensitivity|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
LOC100709275	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Brain Neoplasms|Eczema|Glioma|Hay fever|Hypersensitivity|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Brain Neoplasms|Eczema|Glioma|Hay fever|Hypersensitivity|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
plekhh2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|Diabetic Nephropathies|
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Neuropathies
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Meniere Disease
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis lupus erythematosus nephritis
parp1	GAD_DISEASE:predisposition to cancer
pnkp	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Colonic Polyps|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
kcnj3	GAD_DISEASE:Sick Sinus Syndrome
kcnj5	GAD_DISEASE:Sick Sinus Syndrome
kcnj8	GAD_DISEASE:Arrhythmias, Cardiac|Brugada Syndrome
kcns3	GAD_DISEASE:airway hyperresponsiveness
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Neoplasms|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced|Proteinuria
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:Ovarian carcinoma
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:decreased risk for breast cancer by age 50
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:endometrial cancer risk.
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:endometrioid and clear cell ovarian cancer
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:endometriosis.
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:obesity, localized
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:obesity, localized
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian and breast cancer
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:uterine fibroids; hyperprolactinemia
pgr	GAD_DISEASE:vertigo, migraine-associated
prcp	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension| benazepril
prox1	GAD_DISEASE:HIV-1 disease progression
ptgir	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperplasia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal Pain|Dyspepsia|Helicobacter Infections
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Duodenal Ulcer|Helicobacter Infections|Peptic Ulcer|Stomach Ulcer|stomach; ulcer
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:analgesic response
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; colon polyps
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; colon polyps
LOC100699955	GAD_DISEASE:heart disease, ischemic stroke
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Angina, Unstable|Coronary Stenosis|Inflammation|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Myeloma|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100691978	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 myocardial infarct
prkd2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Lymphocytosis
farp2	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Lymphocytosis
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Lymphocytosis
ptpn12	GAD_DISEASE:Graves ophthalmology GravesQ disease
LOC100694711	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; insulin; obesity
ptpro	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Processes
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Carcinoma, Papillary, Follicular|Goiter, Nodular|Thyroid Neoplasms
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Chorioretinitis|Toxoplasmosis, Congenital
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:Response heterogeneity of human macrophages to ATP
p2rx7	GAD_DISEASE:fractures, vertebral
p2ry1	GAD_DISEASE:clopidogrel
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:clopidogrel
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Adenosine diphosphate-induced platelet aggregation
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary Restenosis
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Pulmonary Embolism|Stroke|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cardiac death myocardial infarct
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:clopidogrel pharmacokinetics
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:clopidogrel response
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:injured arteries.
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:peripheral arterial disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:peripheral arterial disease
LOC100692921	GAD_DISEASE:platelet reactivity and clopidogrel resistance
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:Postmortem Changes
LOC100706770	GAD_DISEASE:suicidal ideation
LOC100712038	GAD_DISEASE:brain structural connectivity
LOC100709782	GAD_DISEASE:Smoking Cessation
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Adrenal Neoplasm|Carcinoma, Medullary|Medullary carcinoma|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a|Pheochromocytoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:C-cell hyperplasia
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Hyperplasia|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Lymphatic Metastasis|Medullary carcinoma|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Lymphatic Metastasis|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Medullary carcinoma|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2a|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Neoplasm Metastasis|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Medullary|Thyroid Neoplasms
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Hirschsprung Disease|Nondisjunction, Genetic
ret	GAD_DISEASE:HirschsprungQs disease intestinal neuronal dysplasia
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Idiopathic slow-transit constipation
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2b
ret	GAD_DISEASE:Urogenital Abnormalities|Vesico-Ureteral Reflux
ret	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous lichen amyloidosis.
ret	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary medullary thyroid carcinoma
ret	GAD_DISEASE:medullary sponge kidney disease
ret	GAD_DISEASE:multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2
ret	GAD_DISEASE:multiple endocrine neoplasia
men1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple endocrine neoplasia
ret	GAD_DISEASE:multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2A
ret	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer; thyroid cancer; pheochromocytoma
ret	GAD_DISEASE:sporadic pheochromocytoma
ret	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer; HirschsprungQs disease
ret	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid cancer; thyroid carcinoma, sporadic medullary
sacs	GAD_DISEASE:Interleukin-12
sln	GAD_DISEASE:atrial fibrillation LQTS sudden arrhythmic death syndrome
scg2	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis-related phenotypes 
scg5	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 glucose tolerance obesity
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:SECIS function
selenop	GAD_DISEASE:selenium
sptlc3	GAD_DISEASE:sphingolipid concentrations
LOC100711669	GAD_DISEASE:sphingolipid concentrations
atp10d	GAD_DISEASE:sphingolipid concentrations
LOC100693121	GAD_DISEASE:sphingolipid concentrations
LOC100690207	GAD_DISEASE:HLA-associated diseases
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Antithrombin III Deficiency|Cerebral Infarction|Venous Thrombosis
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:Antithrombin III Deficiency|Coronary Thrombosis|Myocardial Infarction
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:defective heparin binding associated
serpinc1	GAD_DISEASE:severe childhood thrombosis
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:Asthenia|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
serpine2	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Emphysema
sprn	GAD_DISEASE:Creutzfeldt-Jakob Syndrome|
siae	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Autoimmune Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Rheumatoid Arthritis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Antiphospholipid Syndrome
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Uveomeningoencephalitic Syndrome
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:Giant Cell Arteritis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Giant Cell Arteritis
stat4	GAD_DISEASE:immune-mediated diseases
slc12a8	GAD_DISEASE:psoriasis vulgaris
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; alcohol abuse
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; alcohol abuse
slc18a2	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; nicotine dependence
slc22a16	GAD_DISEASE:doxorubicin pharmacokinetics
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:hyperuricemia; uric acid
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein A-I
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:metformin and cimetidine
LOC100699429	GAD_DISEASE:metformin efficacy
slc3a1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic|Hypertension|Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy
slc33a1	GAD_DISEASE:Paraplegia
slc38a11	GAD_DISEASE:Foot
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein; ferritin; iron
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Iron Overload|Liver Cirrhosis
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis|Iron Overload
slc46a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis|Iron Overload
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemochromatosis|Liver Diseases
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:ferritin
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:ferritin
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:haemochromatosis
slc40a1	GAD_DISEASE:iron overload
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:iron overload
LOC100692075	GAD_DISEASE:autonomic-cholinergic function corticolimbic reactivity
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Obstetric Labor Complications
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Serotonin Syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; aggressive behavior; psychotic symptoms
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; delusional disorder; aggressive behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Amnesia, Retrograde|
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Anxiety and hostility and depression
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Anxiety traits
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Bullying Victimization
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Dementia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Constipation|Diarrhea|Irritable Bowel Syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Disorders|Hearing Disorders|Hearing problem
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Disorders|Premenstrual Syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue|Hepatitis C
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Death|Sudden Infant Death
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Fibromyalgia|Hyperalgesia|Hyperpathia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Gingival Hemorrhage|Periodontal Attachment Loss|Periodontal Pocket|Periodontitis
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Goiter|Hearing Loss, Sensorineural
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Harm avoidance
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Septal Defects, Ventricular|Hypertension, Pulmonary
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:High ethanol tolerance
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Portal|Hypertension, Pulmonary|Liver Diseases
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension, Pulmonary|Raynaud Disease|Scleroderma, Systemic|Skin Ulcer|Systemic Scleroderma
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Loneliness in adolescence
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Major psychiatric disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Memory Disorders|Mercury Poisoning, Nervous System|Occupational Diseases
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Mercury Poisoning, Nervous System
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Neurodermatitis
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroticism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Neuroticism and Anxious Depressive Symptoms
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Stroke
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:PTSD
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease; depression
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Pregnancy Complications|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Agitation
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Psychomotor Agitation
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Sadness
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Sexual Dysfunction, Physiological
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Tension-Type Headache
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Thinness
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:Unresolved Loss or Trauma
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:adverse drug events
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:adverse neonatal outcomes birth weight neuromotor symptoms respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:aggression
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:aggression; impusivity; sensation seeking
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:aggressive behavior Fragile X Syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse substance abuse
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse; cocaine abuse
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol effects
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol intake
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol use
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism depression
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:alcoholism; suicide
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:amygdala activity
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa and food intake
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anorexia nervosa.
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety behaviors
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety depression mental maladaptation
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety depression neuroticism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder depression neuroticism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder migraine
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety disorder; alcohol abuse
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety reactivity
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety symptoms
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:anxiety-related temperament and behavior problems
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:attention deficit disorder; conduct disorder; aggressive behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:attentional biases
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:auditory evoked potential
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:auditory-evoked potentials
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:basal metabolism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:behavioral traits
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:behavioral traits; tryptophan depletion sensitivity
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar and unipolar disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder; affective disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:body mass bulimia harm avoidance personality disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:brain electrical response
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:bulemia
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:burning mouth syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:chronic tension-type headache
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:citalopram adverse effects depressive disorder, major
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence personality traits
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence/abuse
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence/abuse
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function hippocampal volume
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:conduct disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:conduct disorder; hyperkinetic disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:decision-making memory impairment
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depression | Personality
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depression; neuroticism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major mood disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; alcoholism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depressive disorder, major; bipolar disorder; suicide
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:depressive syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:depressive syndrome
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:dysphoria, premenstrual
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:eating disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:fluoxetine treatment
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:fluvoxamine toxicity
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:frontal-limbic white matter pathway associations 
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:harm avoidance behaviour in an elderly population.
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:harm avoidance personality traits
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure pulmonary artery pressure
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, pulmonary
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:impulsive trait
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:impulsivity mood
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; smoking behavior; obesity, localized; memory disturbance; longevity
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:londness dependence
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:loudness dependence
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:mania, antidepressant-induced
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:migraine personality traits
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:mood disorder suicide
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:mood response
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; depression; cardiac death; heart failure; angina; arrhythmia, cardiac
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:neuroticism; agreeableness
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:non-violent suicidal behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:observed parenting
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:obsessive compulsive disorder panic disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:oral lichen planus
p53	GAD_DISEASE:oral lichen planus
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:paroxetine
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:passive avoidance
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:pathologic gambling
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:personality (Neuroticism)
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders; eating disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:personality disorders; neuroticism
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:personality trait
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:personality traits; illegal drug use
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:premature ejaculation
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:processing of emotional expressions
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:psychoses, major
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:psychosis, alcoholic
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:schizoid traits
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia suicide
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; alcoholism; attention deficit disorder; depression; neuroticism; affective disorder; suicidal behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:seasonal affective disorder; premenstrual dysphoric disorder
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:serotonergic function
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:serotonin
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:serotonin reuptake inhibitors-induced adverse events
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:serotonin transporter protein
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:serotonin transporter- pro-inflammatory bias
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:severe hyperkinetic disorders
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:smoking behavior; personality traits
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:stress; chronic disease burden
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS)
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:suicide family history
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:suicide, alcohol-dependent
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:temporomandibular joint pain
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:verbal and figural creative achievement
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:violent suicidal behavior
LOC100708943	GAD_DISEASE:violent suicide
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction|
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction|
LOC100702878	GAD_DISEASE:hyperandrogenism; precocious puberty
spast	GAD_DISEASE:Spastic Paraplegia, Hereditary
atl1	GAD_DISEASE:Spastic Paraplegia, Hereditary
spast	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary spastic paraparesis due to a frame shift mutat
spast	GAD_DISEASE:spastic paraplegia
LOC109194175	GAD_DISEASE:familial non-RET C cell hyperplasia
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Asbestosis|
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Barrett esophagus esophageal cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:BarrettQs esophagus esophageal cancer
gpx2	GAD_DISEASE:BarrettQs esophagus esophageal cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Hormone-Dependent|Prostatic Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis C
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic|Liver Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic|Liver Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Inflammation|Postoperative Complications
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetic Angiopathies
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy|
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Noise-Induced|Occupational Diseases
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Male|Varicocele
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Neoplasms|Prostatic Neoplasms
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Raynaud Disease
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:asbestos-associated pulmonary disorders
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; cytogenetic studies; prostate cancer; longevity
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:catalase activity chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; diabetes, type 2; hypertension; nephropathy, diabetic; albuminuria
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:chronic pelvic pain syndrome
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis iron levels liver cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, alcoholic; liver cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, neurological manifestations
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic nephropathy diabetic neuropathy
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic polyneuropathy
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension macular edema retinopathy, diabetic
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:iron levels liver cancer
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease; oxidative stress
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:liver injury, drug-induced
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:malignant mesothelioma; plaques, asbestosis and/or pleural
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:oxidative injury
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:oxidized LDL
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:oxidized LDL
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:pancreatic disease pancreatitis, chronic
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:pneumoconiosis, coal workersQ
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:pneumoconiosis, coal workersQ
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:pseudoexfoliation syndrome
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:radiotoxicity
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia tardive dyskinesia
sod2	GAD_DISEASE:vitamin C excretion
LOC100698882	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Atrophy, Spinal
LOC100698882	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Atrophy, Spinal|Spinal Muscular Atrophies of Childhood|Spinal Muscular Atrophy
LOC100698882	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Atrophy, Spinal|Spinal Muscular Atrophy
LOC100698882	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Muscular Atrophy
LOC100698882	GAD_DISEASE:spinal muscular atrophy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:spinal muscular atrophy
syn3	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Sclerosis, Chronic Progressive|Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
LOC100707847	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glucose Intolerance|Obesity|Overweight
LOC100698329	GAD_DISEASE:hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and cytochrome c oxidase deficiency
thbs1	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage; stroke; stroke, lacunar
tk2	GAD_DISEASE:Mitochondrial myopathy
tymp	GAD_DISEASE:Deafness|Diabetes Complications|Diabetes Mellitus|Intestinal Pseudo-Obstruction|Pancreatitis|Recurrence
tymp	GAD_DISEASE:Intestinal Pseudo-Obstruction|Mitochondrial Diseases
tymp	GAD_DISEASE:encephalomyopathy
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune thyroiditis|Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Multiple Sclerosis|Rheumatoid spondylitis|Spondylitis, Ankylosing|Thyroiditis, Autoimmune
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Hypothyroidism
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Goiter, Nodular|Thyrotoxicosis
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Goiter, Nodular|Thyrotoxicosis
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|Graves Ophthalmopathy|Hashimoto Disease
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Graves` Disease
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Nodule
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Nodule
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:congenital and subclinical hypothyroidism
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:congenital athyreosis
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:congenital primary hypothyroidism
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:fetal iodine deficiency disorer
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:gravesQ ophthalmopathy
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid homeostasis
tshr	GAD_DISEASE:thyrotoxicosis, juvenile
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Neoplasms|Lymphoma
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine; vitamin B12; holotranscobalamin; methylmalonic acid
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:omphalocele
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:omphalocele
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:omphalocele
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, second trimester
LOC100705440	GAD_DISEASE:spontaneous abortion
tfap2b	GAD_DISEASE:dopamine D2 receptor density; monoamine metabolite concentrations
ttf2	GAD_DISEASE:cleft palate; hypothyroidism
ttf2	GAD_DISEASE:hypothyroidism; cleft palate, isolated; thyroid agenesis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasm of lung 
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasm of lung 
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyps|Colonic Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms|Hyperplasia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Neurodegenerative Diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Refractory|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Preleukemia|Refractory anaemia -RETIRED-
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Angioedema|Drug Hypersensitivity|Urticaria
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Dementia, Vascular|Stroke
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Asbestosis|Lung Neoplasms|Mesothelioma|Silicosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Constriction, Pathologic|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune thyroiditis|Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease|Hashimoto Disease|Thyroiditis, Autoimmune
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Berylliosis|Sarcoidosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast|Fibrosis|Invasive Ductal Breast Carcinoma|Mammary Neoplasms|Radiation Injuries
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Ductal|Carcinoma, Lobular|Ductal Carcinoma|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cadaver|Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Camurati-Engelmann disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Neoplasm|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Squamous cell carcinoma|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Oropharyngeal Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma|Tumor of Oropharynx
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Oropharyngeal Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma|Tumor of Oropharynx
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|DCM - Dilated cardiomyopathy|Myocardial ischemia|Postoperative Complications|Rheumatic Heart Disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Death
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Hepatitis C
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Fibrosis|Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertension, Renal|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Renal hypertension
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephritis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Cicatrix, Hypertrophic|Keloid
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Corneal Dystrophies, Hereditary
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Corneal Dystrophies, Hereditary|Hereditary corneal dystrophy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Graft vs Host Disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever|
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Diabetic Retinopathy
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:DupuytrenQs Contracture
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Eclampsia|Pre-Eclampsia|Syndrome
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Epstein-Barr Virus Infections|Hematologic Diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Hepatitis C, Chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Gestational trophoblastic neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Giardiasis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Leukemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Leukemia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:HCV-induced liver fibrosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Peptic Ulcer|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Henoch-Schoenlein Purpura|Purpura, Schoenlein-Henoch
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B, Chronic|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Hepatitis, Autoimmune
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B|Hepatitis D
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C|HIV Infections
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Immune System Diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Insulin Resistance|Kidney Diseases
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Postoperative Complications
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Diseases|Postoperative Complications
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Failure|kidney; failure|Renal Insufficiency
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Oral Submucous Fibrosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Paraproteinemias
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Penile Induration|Peyronie Disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Periodontal Diseases|Periodontitis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Pre-eclampsia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Prosthesis Failure
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Prosthesis Failure
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Fibrosis
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Pulmonary Fibrosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Hypersensitivity
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Respiratory Hypersensitivity
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoidosis|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:Tracheal Stenosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:advanced-stage endometriosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:angiopathy, cerebral amyloid dementia, vascular neocortical plaques
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:autoimmune-associated congenital heart block.
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac transplantation
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:childhood idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:chronic idiopathic neutropenia
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:chronic idiopathic neutropenia
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:chronic lung disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis; liver cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer: association
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:cyclosporine 
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:dental implants
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:duodenal ulcer gastric ulcer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:end-stage heart failure
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:fibrotic lung disease
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:increased incidence of invasive breast cancer
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:indoleamine-pyrrole 2
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:3-dioxygenase activity
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:liver graft rejection
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:pneumoconiosis
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:prevalent vertebral fractures
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:proliferative vitreoretinopathy rhegmatogenous retinal detachment
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:radiation-induced damage to normal tissues
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:urinary tract infection vesicoureteral reflux
LOC100694653	GAD_DISEASE:very low bone mass
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Syndrome
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:cleft palate; cleft lip
LOC100710008	GAD_DISEASE:keloids
trpv4	GAD_DISEASE:Hyponatremia|Osteoporosis
tmeff2	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes (incident)
tmprss3	GAD_DISEASE:deafness, nonsyndromic
LOC100708948	GAD_DISEASE:insulin obesity
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:insulin obesity
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined|Mixed hyperlipidemia
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined|Metabolic Syndrome X|Mixed hyperlipidemia
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:antilipolytic insulin sensitivity
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass cardiovascular risk factors lipoprotein
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease mortality, all-cause
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; metabolic syndrome
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance; lipids; atherosclerosis, generalized
usf1	GAD_DISEASE:lipolysis
vcam1	GAD_DISEASE:pulse wave velocity
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:Response to Clozapine in Schizophrenia
htr6	GAD_DISEASE:Tardive Dyskinesia
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma of the lung
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Squamous cell carcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adenomatous Polyps|Carcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Angiomyolipoma|DNA Damage|Kidney Neoplasms|Tuberous Sclerosis
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|DNA Damage|Gastritis, Atrophic|Metaplasia|Stomach Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Squamous cell carcinoma
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Laryngeal neoplasm|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Breakage|DNA Damage|Myelodysplastic Syndromes
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Cocarcinogenesis|Mouth Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Gastritis, Atrophic|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Mitochondrial Diseases
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Macular Degeneration
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:DNA damage, oxidative
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer risk
ogg1	GAD_DISEASE:pterygium
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:asthma bronchial hyperresponsiveness lung function
LOC100711349	GAD_DISEASE:asthma, aspirin-intolerant
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:suicidal behavior in bipolar patients
akt1	GAD_DISEASE:verbal learning, verbal memory, and regional cortical gray matter density
alk	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Neuroblastoma
alms1	GAD_DISEASE:Alstrom syndrome
LOC100703385	GAD_DISEASE:adrenoleukodystrophy
LOC100692262	GAD_DISEASE:Na/K ATPase activity
LOC100694151	GAD_DISEASE:Hemiplegia|Migraine Disorders
LOC100694151	GAD_DISEASE:familial hemiplegic migraine and benign familial infantile convulsions
LOC100701459	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatolenticular Degeneration|Liver Failure, Acute
LOC100701459	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatolenticular Degeneration|Movement Disorders
LOC100701459	GAD_DISEASE:Wilson disease, fine motor symptoms in
LOC100701459	GAD_DISEASE:arylsulfatase A pseudodeficiency
LOC100701459	GAD_DISEASE:liver disease; Wilson disease
LOC100701459	GAD_DISEASE:personality | Wilson disease
atp10d	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosylceramides
bcl10	GAD_DISEASE:blast crisis of chronic myeloid leukaemia
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:diffuse large-cell subtype
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:follicle center lymphoma
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:follicular lymphoma
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, follicle center
LOC100702499	GAD_DISEASE:primary bone lymphomas.
LOC100702043	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Vasospasm
cebpd	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Metabolic Diseases
clptm1l	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|melanoma|Neoplasms
LOC100699205	GAD_DISEASE:tuberculosis susceptibility
ddah2	GAD_DISEASE:organ failure septic shock
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS progression
znrd1	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS progression
LOC100711348	GAD_DISEASE:Allopurinol
lig1	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
e2f1	GAD_DISEASE:Lung carcinomas
LOC100703653	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract|
cryaa	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract|
klc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract|
LOC100694078	GAD_DISEASE:Testosterone
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Testosterone
fgd1	GAD_DISEASE:Aarskog-Scott syndrome
fgd1	GAD_DISEASE:Non-syndromic X-linked mental retardation
faf1	GAD_DISEASE:Coeliac
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B|Hepatitis C, Chronic|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Leukoplakia, Oral|Mouth Neoplasms|Oral Submucous Fibrosis|Precancerous Conditions|Squamous cell carcinoma
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Lymphatic Metastasis|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Pancreatic Neoplasms
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Helicobacter Infections|Intestinal Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:SjogrenQs syndrome, primary
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:Waldenstrom macroglobulinaemia; chronic lymphocytic leukaemia
LOC100705827	GAD_DISEASE:body mass diabetes, type 2 insulin
LOC100703259	GAD_DISEASE:Color Vision Defects|Retinal Degeneration
cnga3	GAD_DISEASE:Color Vision Defects|Retinal Degeneration
LOC100703259	GAD_DISEASE:cone-rod dystrophies
gpr135	GAD_DISEASE:hemorrhagic stroke
gata6	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Septal Defects|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial|Tetralogy of Fallot
gata6	GAD_DISEASE:adrogen body mass insulin polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100709465	GAD_DISEASE:pituitary anomalies and holoprosencephaly-like features.
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Albright hereditary osteodystrophy; pseudohypoparathyroidism
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Neoplasms|Fibrous Dysplasia, Polyostotic|Ossification, Heterotopic|Osteoma|Pseudohypoparathyroidism|Skin Neoplasms|Syndrome
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Hypopharyngeal Neoplasms|Oropharyngeal Neoplasms|Recurrence
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Laryngeal Neoplasms
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosarcoma|Myxoma|Soft Tissue Neoplasms
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrous Dysplasia of Bone|Osteitis Fibrosa Disseminata|osteosarcoma
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:brain hemorrhage; cerebrovascular disease; thrombosis, deep vein
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension; glucose tolerance
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; autonomic nervous system dysfunction
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:hypotension, orthostatic
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:insulin obesity polycystic ovary syndrome
gnas	GAD_DISEASE:melanoma|Neoplasm Metastasis
herc2	GAD_DISEASE:Iris color
krit1	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral cavernous malformations
krit1	GAD_DISEASE:intracranial cavernous malformations
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Bacterial Infections|Postoperative Complications
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:Community-Acquired Infections|Pneumonia, Bacterial|Pneumonia, Pneumococcal
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:H-ficolin mannan binding lectin levels
masp2	GAD_DISEASE:cytomegalovirus infection, post allograft kidney transplant
mok	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein glycation inflammation insulin oxidative stress prostaglandin tumor necrosis factor alpha
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Restenosis
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Mellitus
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Diabetes Complications
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Inflammation
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Fatigue Syndrome, Chronic|
mok	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Obesity
mok	GAD_DISEASE:arthritis, rheumatoid
mok	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease; diabetes, type 1; proteinuria
mok	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetic nephropathy retinopathy, diabetic
mok	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 retinopathy, diabetic
mok	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; albuminuria
mok	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer, non-small cell
mok	GAD_DISEASE:microvascular dermatoses, diabetes-associated
mok	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; heart disease, ischemic; atherosclerosis, coronary; cardiovascular disease
mus81	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis
LOC100712021	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Lip Neoplasms|Skin Neoplasms
LOC100712021	GAD_DISEASE:cancer; lung cancer
LOC100712021	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer susceptibility and prognosis
LOC100702923	GAD_DISEASE:gemcitabine
nfkbia	GAD_DISEASE:autosomal dominant anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia and T cell immunodeficiency
nkx2-1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Goiter, Nodular|Thyroid Neoplasms
nkx2-1	GAD_DISEASE:Foramen Ovale, Patent|Stroke
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C
npc2	GAD_DISEASE:Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C
npc1	GAD_DISEASE:Niemann-Pick type C disease
numb	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Calcinosis|
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Blue vs brown eyes
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:Prader-Willi and Angelman syndromes
oca2	GAD_DISEASE:skin cancer risk factors
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies|DNA Damage
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Obesity|Overweight
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertriglyceridemia|Insulin Resistance
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Obesity|Weight Loss
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:aerobic fitness insulin
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:aerobic fitness insulin
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:altered lipid oxidation and early insulin secretion
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:body fat diabetes, type 2
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:body mass diabetes, type 2 glucose tolerance insulin
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:cardiomyopathy hypertension left ventricular hypertrophy
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; insulin; lipids; obesity
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance; insulin; lipids
ppargc1a	GAD_DISEASE:insulin sensitivity; insulin resistance
znrd1	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|HIV Infections
polr2a	GAD_DISEASE:Sex Hormone-Binding Globulin
LOC100712257	GAD_DISEASE:Sex Hormone-Binding Globulin
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:chronic myelomonocytic leukemia
LOC100691239	GAD_DISEASE:myeloblastic leukemias
recql4	GAD_DISEASE:Limb Deformities, Congenital|Rothmund-Thomson Syndrome
recql4	GAD_DISEASE:Rothmund-Thomson syndrome
LOC100703342	GAD_DISEASE:RhD-negative sensitized pregnancy
LOC100703342	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; cirrhosis, alcoholic
LOC100703342	GAD_DISEASE:hemolytic disease of the newborn
LOC100703342	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; CrohnQs disease; asthma; malaria; Malaria infection; kawasaki disease; psoriasis vulgaris;
rock1	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|POF - Premature ovarian failure|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency|Puberty, Delayed|Puberty, Precocious
arhgef11	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 glucose tolerance
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 glucose tolerance
LOC100709804	GAD_DISEASE:peptic ulcer disease
LOC100707896	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocyte Count
prkaa2	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphocyte Count
LOC100707896	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive function dementia
sem1	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
six6	GAD_DISEASE:anophthalmia; coloboma; microphthalmia
sp4	GAD_DISEASE:Torsion Abnormality|Vascular Malformations
sp4	GAD_DISEASE:retinal degenration
stard9	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroxine
gale	GAD_DISEASE:generalized epimerase-deficiency galactosemia
was	GAD_DISEASE:X-linked thrombocytopenia
wnt10b	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Spontaneous|Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
LOC100690617	GAD_DISEASE:cedar pollinosis
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Laryngeal neoplasm|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
xpc	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Cocarcinogenesis|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
ache	GAD_DISEASE:acute sensitivity to anti-acetylcholinesterases
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:aerobic exercise capacity
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:dystrophinopathy
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:elite performance
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:endurance, elite
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:human elite athletic performance
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:muscle strength
actn3	GAD_DISEASE:power athlete status
atf6	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriovenous Malformations|Liver Diseases|Telangiectasia, Hereditary Hemorrhagic
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Hyperplasia|Liver Diseases|Telangiectasia, Hereditary Hemorrhagic
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:Telangiectasia, Hereditary Hemorrhagic
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:arteriovenous dysplasias brain hemorrhage
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral arteriopathy
LOC100711913	GAD_DISEASE:hemorrhagic telangiectasia, hereditary
LOC100699754	GAD_DISEASE:Left-right axis malformations
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:Deficiency Diseases
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:Disorder of muscle, unspec|Lipid Metabolism, Inborn Errors|Muscular Diseases
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid Metabolism, Inborn Errors
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:MCADD (medium chain acyl-coA hydrhydrogenase defin
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:SCAD deficiency
acadm	GAD_DISEASE:medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (MCAD) deficiency
ada	GAD_DISEASE:CrohnQs disease; asthma; malaria
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia|Brain Death
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:Muscular Diseases
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:Neuromuscular Diseases
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiorespiratory responses to exercise
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance heart disease, ischemic
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:heart failure myocardial infarct
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cardiac death; heart failure; angina; coronary revascularization
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:myopathy, drug-induced
cpt2	GAD_DISEASE:myopathy, drug-induced
LOC100706889	GAD_DISEASE:myopathy, drug-induced
ampd1	GAD_DISEASE:vasodilatory response to ischemia
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiomyopathy, Dilated|Heart Failure
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:adrenomedullary hormone activity; sympathetic nervous function
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial epinephrine heart rate norepinephrine sympathetic activity
adra2c	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; autism; alcoholism; attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; cocaine abuse; psychosis, puerperal
LOC100707770	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Nervous System Diseases
LOC100707770	GAD_DISEASE:hperoxaluria, primary, type 1
LOC100707770	GAD_DISEASE:hyperoxaluria
LOC100707770	GAD_DISEASE:hyperoxaluria, primary, type 1
LOC106097711	GAD_DISEASE:Leukopenia
als2	GAD_DISEASE:Infantile-onset ascending hereditary spastic paralysis
als2	GAD_DISEASE:sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
agl	GAD_DISEASE:glycogen storage disease type III
agl	GAD_DISEASE:glycogen storage disease type IIIA
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Disease
angptl4	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Weight Gain
amh	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary syndrome; premature ovarian failure
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Hypoxia-Ischemia, Brain|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Hypoxia-Ischemia, Brain|Stroke
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II|Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II|Hypertriglyceridemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies|Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II|Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Gallstones|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Genetic Predisposition to Disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Ischemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Cholecystolithiasis|Postoperative Complications|Stomach Neoplasms
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Cholecystolithiasis|Postoperative Complications|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diseases in Twins
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Obesity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Obesity
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Hypobetalipoproteinemias
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Myocardial Ischemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Myocardial Ischemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:Spina Bifida Cystica
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Spina Bifida Cystica
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:altered lipid levels
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:apolipoprotein B gene polymorphism
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; longevity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; longevity
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:blood lipid parameters
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, HDL lipoprotein triglycerides
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol gallstone disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol status
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL; lipids
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease and serum very low density lipopro
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:elevated apo B levels
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:familial defective apolipoprotein B
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:familial defective apolipoprotein B-100 in a Chinese man
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:familial defective apolipoprotein B100.
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:familial hypobetalipoproteinemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:gallbladder cancer
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia coronary artery disease
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:hypobetalipoproteinemia
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:intermediate density lipoprotein concentrations
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:plasma apoB and low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:plasma glucose levels
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative variation in lipid and lipoprotein traits
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:serum cholesterol
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:serum cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol levels
LOC102079941	GAD_DISEASE:serum triglyceride levels
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS Dementia Complex|AIDS Related Dementia Complex
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AIDS-Related Opportunistic Infections|Herpes Genitalis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Kaposi Sarcoma|Lymphoma, AIDS-Related|Sarcoma, Kaposi
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Age-associated memory impairment (AAMI)
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Amnestic Disorder|Alcohol-Related Disorders|Alcoholism|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Withdrawal Seizures|Alcoholism|Recurrence
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Amyloidosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Aphasia, Primary Progressive|Dementia|Nerve Degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Arteriosclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Atrophy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Atrophy|Dementia|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Brain Infarction|Cerebrovascular Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Cardiovascular Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Cardiovascular Diseases|Chronic Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Cardiovascular Diseases|Vitamin B 12 Deficiency
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy|Cerebral Infarction|Vascular Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Cerebrovascular Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Dementia, Vascular
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Delirium|Recurrence
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Dementia|Dementia, Vascular
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Dementia|Dementia, Vascular|Lewy Body Disease|Neurodegenerative Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Dementia|Dementia, Vascular|Neurodegenerative Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Dementia|Diabetes mellitus|Hypercholesterolemia|Metabolic Syndrome X
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Dementia|Memory Disorders|Tooth Loss
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Disease Progression
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Disorders of Excessive Somnolence|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Down Syndrome|Olfaction Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Drug Toxicity|Edema|Nasopharyngitis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Encephalitis, Herpes Simplex|Herpes encephalitis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Hallucinations
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Mercury Poisoning, Nervous System
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Metabolic Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Myocardial ischemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|AlzheimerQs Disease|Olfaction Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Amnesia|Atrophy|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Aphasia|Atrophy|Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Atrophy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Atrophy|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Atrophy|Dementia|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Atrophy|Disease Progression
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Cadaver
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Cardiovascular Diseases|Colorectal Neoplasms|Macular Degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Cerebrovascular Disorders|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Dementia|Dementia, Vascular|Lewy Body Disease|Pick Disease of the Brain
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Dementia|Hypothyroidism|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Dementia|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Disease Progression
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Down Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Lewy Body Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Olfaction Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer Disease|Psychomotor Agitation
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease - Galantamine response
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; Lewy body disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; NEUROLOGICALenerative disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease|Type 2 diabetes
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimer`s disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Amnesia|Brain Injuries
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Amnesia|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Amyloid Neuropathies, Familial
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Amyloidosis|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Rheumatoid Arthritis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Craniocerebral Trauma|Injuries, Craniocerebral
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Ruptured|Intracranial Aneurysm|Recurrence|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Angina pectoris
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Angina pectoris|Angina, Unstable|Myocardial Infarction|Unstable angina
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Angina pectoris|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Angina pectoris|Hyperlipidemias|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Anoxia|Brain Injuries|Hypotension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Anticipation, Genetic|Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Valve Stenosis|Calcinosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Valve Stenosis|Calcinosis|Diabetes mellitus|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Mitral Valve Stenosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Aphasia, Primary Progressive|Dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Aphasia|Aphasia, NOS|Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Aphasia|Brain Ischemia|Cardiovascular Diseases|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Atherosclerosis|Cerebral Infarction|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis|Infarction, Middle Cerebral Artery|Stroke
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Carotid artery stenosis|Carotid Stenosis|Infarction, Middle Cerebral Artery|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Infarction, Middle Cerebral Artery|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cardiovascular Diseases|Ischemia|Stroke|Vascular Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Carotid Artery Thrombosis|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Ischemia|Stroke|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Dementia|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Memory Disorders|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial Infarction|Myocardial ischemia|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Brain Ischemia|Recurrence
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriovenous Malformations|Congenital arteriovenous malformation|Intracranial Hemorrhages
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Cerebral Infarction|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Myocardial Ischemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Athletic Injuries|Brain Concussion
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Athletic Injuries|Brain Concussion|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Pulmonary Embolism|Pulmonary Embolisms|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Brain Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Cholecystolithiasis|Gallstones|Lipid Metabolism Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary calculi|Cholelithiasis|Gallstones
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Congenital Abnormalities|Heart Defects, Congenital|Postoperative Complications|Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Congenital Heart Defects|Growth Disorders|Heart Defects, Congenital
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Coronary Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Body Weight|Insulin Resistance|Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Resorption|Vitamin K Deficiency
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Concussion
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Concussion|Brain Injuries|Brain Ischemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Concussion|Brain Injuries|Unconsciousness
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Damage, Chronic|Hypertension|Myocardial Ischemia|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Edema|Brain Injuries|Cerebral Hemorrhage, Traumatic|Skull Fractures|Traumatic cerebral hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Edema|Cerebral Hemorrhage|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction|Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy|Dementia|Diabetes Mellitus|Hyperinsulinism
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Closed head injuries|Head Injuries, Closed
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Fatigue|Sleep Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Hypopituitarism
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Inflammation|Postoperative Complications
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Intracranial Hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Nerve Degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Seizures
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Carotid Artery Diseases|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cerebral Infarction|Intracranial Aneurysm|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Diabetes mellitus|Hemiplegia|Hypercholesterolemia|Hypertension|Obesity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage|Vasospasm, Intracranial
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Brain aging
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:CADASIL|Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Carotid Artery Diseases
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Carotid Artery Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Candidiasis, Cutaneous|Cutaneous Candidiasis|Tinea Versicolor
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Carbon Monoxide Poisoning
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Dementia|Diabetes mellitus|Hypercholesterolemia|Pancreatitis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypercholesterolemia|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Obesity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Fatty Liver|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia|Inflammation
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Obesity|Sleep Apnea, Obstructive
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Macular Degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Psychomotor Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Diabetes mellitus|Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract|Macular Degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Central Nervous System Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy|Cerebral Hemorrhage|Hypertension|Intracranial Arteriosclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy|Plaque, Amyloid
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Cerebral Infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Dementia, Vascular
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Hemorrhage|Hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Cerebral Hemorrhages|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Hemorrhage|Recurrence|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders|Dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Chlamydophila Infections|Coronary Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cholelithiasis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cholelithiasis|Obesity, Morbid|Postoperative Complications
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cholelithiasis|Recurrence
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Glomerulonephritis|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Confusion|Confusion (Mental)|Dementia|Disease Progression
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Confusion|Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Confusion|Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|Sclerosis|Seizures
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital|Nervous System Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Plaque, Atherosclerotic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Dyslipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Familial type 3 hyperlipoproteinaemia|Hyperinsulinism|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type III|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hypertriglyceridemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hypertriglyceridemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hypertriglyceridemia|Pregnancy Complications|Weight Gain
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hypertriglyceridemia|Pregnancy Complications|Weight Gain
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Inflammation
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Postoperative Complications
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Obesity
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Obesity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Myocardial Infarction|Thrombosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Sclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Craniocerebral Trauma
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Craniocerebral Trauma|Injuries, Craniocerebral
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Critical Illness|Delirium
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cross Infection|Paramyxoviridae Infections
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Cytomegalovirus Infections|Herpes Simplex|Herpes Simplex Infections
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Delirium
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Delirium|Postoperative Complications
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia, Vascular|Vascular Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|Disease Progression
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|Disease Susceptibility
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|Diseases in Twins
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|Down Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Vascular Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|Memory Disorders|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dementia|Olfaction Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Obesity|Transient Ischemic Attack
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Hypertension|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy|Genetic Predisposition to Disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Retinopathy|Genetic Predisposition to Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypoglycemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure|kidney; failure
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperlipidemias
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperlipidemias
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus|Kidney Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Neuropathies|Peripheral Nervous System Diseases|Sensation Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea, Infantile
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Disorder of muscle, unspec|Hypercholesterolemia|Muscular Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Hepatitis B|Hypothyroidism
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Trisomy
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Trisomy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Metabolic Syndrome X|Obesity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Dystonia|Psychomotor Disorders|Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Encephalitis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Encephalitis, Herpes Simplex|Herpes encephalitis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Complex Partial
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Post-Traumatic|Seizures
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Temporal Lobe|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Seizures, Febrile
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Exophthalmos
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Fam hyperbetalipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type II|Hypertriglyceridemia|Mixed hyperlipidemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Familial dysbetalipoproteinemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Familial type 3 hyperlipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type III
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Familial type 3 hyperlipoproteinaemia|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type III
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Hepatitis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Diseases|Hypoxia-Ischemia, Brain|Infant, Newborn, Diseases
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Nutrition Disorders|Hypercholesterolemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, Inborn|Syndrome|Tetralogy of Fallot
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Guillain-Barre syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Infections|Hyperlipidemias|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:HIV Seropositivity
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Arrest
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Heart Diseases|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis|Recurrence
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver Cirrhosis|Recurrence
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Herpes Labialis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Herpesviridae Infections
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Lewy Body Disease|Psychomotor Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Nephrotic Syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Yin Deficiency
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipoproteinemia Type IV
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia|Pancreatitis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia|Pancreatitis|Recurrence
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia|Pre-Eclampsia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia|Pre-Eclampsia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertriglyceridemia|Psoriasis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Memory Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Ischaemic Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Ketosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Lead Poisoning|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Learning Disorders
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Learning Disorders|Multiple Sclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Lewy Body Disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Lipid levels|depression
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic|Pancreatitis, Alcoholic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Vasculitis, Central Nervous System
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Memory Disorders|Sleep Apnea Syndromes
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders|Migraine with Aura|Migraine without Aura|Tension-Type Headache
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Migraine Disorders|Tension-Type Headache
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Mouth, Edentulous|Tooth Loss
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Shock, Cardiogenic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Ischemia|Nervous System Diseases|Postoperative Complications|Stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Myositis, Inclusion Body
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Nerve Degeneration
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Obesity|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Paralysis|Sensation Disorders|Spinal Cord Injuries
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Plaque, Amyloid
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Renal Insufficiency, Chronic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:SNP allelic association
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Selenium
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Severe Malaria
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Severe type III hyperlipoproteinemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal Cord Compression|Spinal Osteophytosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Traumatic Brain Imjury
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Wilsons disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:Xanthomatosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:abnormal lipid profile
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:altered brain levels of apolipoprotein E
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:amyloid beta protein angiopathy and tau perivascular pathology but not neuritic plaques
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:angiographic coronary artery disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:anti-atherogenic lipoprotein profile
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:anticholinergic challenge-induced memory impairment
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:apolipoprotein E mutation [apolipoprotein E (delta149 Leu)]
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:arterial wall thickness
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; lipoprotein
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerotic disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:attention brain white matter
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Ventricular Dysfunction, Left
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:bile lipid composition and cholesterol gallstone
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:blood lipids and maximal oxygen uptake
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:bulbar-onset motor neuron disease
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral amyloid angiopathy; senile plaques
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL; apoA1; apoB
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL; apoA1; apoB
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total; apoA1; apoE; apoB-100
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability | hypertension
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:coronary heart disease and plasma lipid levels.
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:dementia but not cardiovascular mortality
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:depressive symptoms
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1; carotid atherosclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; diabetic nephropathy
LOC100706927	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; diabetic nephropathy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:diastolic blood pressure
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:diastolic blood pressure
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:differential expansion rates of small abdominal aortic aneurysms
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:dominant type III hyperlipoproteinemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:earlier age at onset in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:early onset temporal lobe epilepsy.
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:endogenous hypertriglyceridemia and familial hypercholesterolemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:episodic memory
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:exfoliation syndrome
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:familial age-related macular degeneration.
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:familial and sporadic frontotemporal dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:frontotemporal dementia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:genital herpes|Herpes Genitalis|Stomatitis, Herpetic
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:glioblastoma
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:high coronary heart disease risk particularly affects ser
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:high-monounsaturated fatty acid diet
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia; cholesterol, LDL
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia; cholesterol, LDL
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:increased wall thickness of carotid and femoral arteries
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; lipoproteins; C-peptide; proinsulin
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:ischaemic stroke
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:left-handedness and visuospatial skills
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:life expectancy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipid metabolism disorders; hyperlipidemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; glucose; atherosclerosis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein distribution of ApoC-I
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein glomerulopathy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:memory decline
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:memory function
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:mild cognitive impairment
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:mild dyslipidemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:multiple sclerosis.
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:neuropathy, AlzheimerQs disease related
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:non-demented leprosy patients
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:obstructive sleep apnea
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:outcome after head injury
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:persistent vegetative state
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:posterior cortical atrophy
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy-induced chylomicronemia
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:premature coronary heart disease.
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:rapid motor decline
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:sleep-disordered breathing
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:sporadic inclusion body myositis
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:subjective quality of life
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:synaptogenesis and memory.
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:traumatic brain injury.
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; cholesterol, total; apoA1; apoB; apoE
LOC100707019	GAD_DISEASE:type III hyperlipoproteinemia
LOC100692669	GAD_DISEASE:mild HDN
LOC100707194	GAD_DISEASE:eunatremic and dysnatremic subjects
LOC100707194	GAD_DISEASE:urinary AQP2 excretion
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:Machado-Joseph Disease
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:Machado-Joseph disease
LOC100700586	GAD_DISEASE:spinocerebellar ataxia; muscular dystrophy; neuropathy
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease|Candidiasis|Hypoparathyroidism|Polyendocrinopathies, Autoimmune
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Addison Disease|Polyendocrinopathies, Autoimmune|Syndrome
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Alopecia Areata|Autoimmune Diseases|Polyendocrinopathies, Autoimmune
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Skin Diseases, Genetic|Vitiligo
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis, Autoimmune
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Hypoparathyroidism|Polyendocrinopathies, Autoimmune
aire	GAD_DISEASE:Polyendocrinopathies, Autoimmune
aire	GAD_DISEASE:autoimmune; polyendocrinopathy-candidiasis-ectodermal dystrophy; polyendocrinopathy-candidiasis-ectodermal; dystrophy, autoimmune
aire	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 1; AddisonQs disease; Graves; thyroiditis, Hashimoto
btd	GAD_DISEASE:biotinidase deficiency
LOC100708030	GAD_DISEASE:Amenorrhea|POF - Premature ovarian failure|Primary Ovarian Insufficiency
LOC100708030	GAD_DISEASE:Anovulation|Infertility, Female|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Bone Diseases|Sickle cell anemia
bmp4	GAD_DISEASE:early marginal bone loss around endosseous implants.
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:early marginal bone loss around endosseous implants.
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; osteopenia
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:calcium oxalate stones
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:decreased fracture risk
calcr	GAD_DISEASE:osteoporosis, postmenopausal; bone density
LOC100706871	GAD_DISEASE:Hay fever|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:Hay fever|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
LOC100706871	GAD_DISEASE:optic disc atrophy
cacna1s	GAD_DISEASE:Malignant Hyperthermia
cacna1s	GAD_DISEASE:periodic paralysis
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Metabolic Syndrome X|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; hemoglobin A(1c)
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; glucose tolerance
npy	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; glucose tolerance
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; glucose tolerance
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; insulin; glucose; C-peptide; fatty acid
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; polycystic ovarian syndrome
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:glucose metabolism
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:hirsutism
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; glucose
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance; fatty acid
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; glucose; C-peptide; fatty acid
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:microvascular function
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovary
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:reduced beta(3)-adrenoceptor function
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:reduced muscle mRNA levels and insulin resistance
capn10	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; obesity
ca6	GAD_DISEASE:salivary buffer capacity, dental plaque pH, and caries index
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Diabetes mellitus|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Death, Sudden, Cardiac
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Hemorrhage|Hemorrhagic Disorders
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:Hypercholesterolemia|Myocardial Infarction|Recurrence
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor levels
LOC100699903	GAD_DISEASE:vein thrombosis, splanchnic
cpt2	GAD_DISEASE:variable myopathy
LOC109196322	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Kidney Failure, Chronic
cdc73	GAD_DISEASE:parathyroid cancer
men1	GAD_DISEASE:parathyroid cancer
clcn5	GAD_DISEASE:DentQs disease
clcn5	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, X-Linked|Kidney Diseases|Oculocerebrorenal Syndrome
cltrn	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, X-Linked|Kidney Diseases|Oculocerebrorenal Syndrome
clcn5	GAD_DISEASE:cholelithiasis; urinary calculus
clcn5	GAD_DISEASE:hypercalciuric nephrocalcinosis
LOC100698259	GAD_DISEASE:heart rate hypertension renin activity
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:hallucinations schizophrenia
cckar	GAD_DISEASE:postprandial syndrome 
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Infertility|Thrombophilia
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Spontaneous|Abruptio Placentae|Fetal Death|Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Puerperal Disorders|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|Eye Diseases|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Angina pectoris|Apoplexy|Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction|Obesity|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Complication, Cardiovascular Pregnancy|Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Thrombophilia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Branch retinal vein occlusion
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Early occlusion of coronary by-pass
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatic artery thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Intracranial Thrombosis|Stroke
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Myocardial ischemia|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Polycythemia Vera|Thrombocythemia, Hemorrhagic|Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Puerperal Disorders|Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Small for gestational age infant
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Spinal cord infarction and recurrent venous thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:Varicose Ulcer|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:atherothrombotic cerebral infarction.
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:bilateral iliac vein thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:coronary ischaemic syndrome
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:elevated plasma prothrombin levels and an increase
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:massive thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:plasma prothrombin levels
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:previous first episodes of deep-vein thrombosis
LOC100702313	GAD_DISEASE:retinal vascular occlusive disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:retinal vascular occlusive disease
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Thrombosis
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Angiopathies|Hypertension|Myocardial Infarction
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII Deficiency|Hemorrhage
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII Deficiency|Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Venous Thrombosis
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Factor VII coagulant levels
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:Low plasma levels of factor VIIc
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; FVII levels
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; lipids
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac death myocardial infarct
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease myocardial infarct
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:coagulation disorder
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:factor VII
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:factor VII Ag lipids
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:factor VII antigen; factor VII coagulant activity
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:factor VII coagulant activity
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:factor VII deficiency
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:factor VII levels
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen; factor VII; plasminogen activator inhibitor-1
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen; factor VII; plasminogen activator inhibitor-1
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen; factor VII; plasminogen activator inhibitor-1
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis; liver disease, chronic
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; lipoprotein; obesity
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; lipoprotein; obesity
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:plasma factor VII activity and antigen levels
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:stroke; insulin resistance
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; coagulation factor VII; phospolipids
LOC100703931	GAD_DISEASE:vitamin K-dependent coagulation
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:mean forced vital capacity from 2 exams
col1a2	GAD_DISEASE:osteogenesis imperfecta
col4a5	GAD_DISEASE:Alport syndrome
col4a5	GAD_DISEASE:Eye Diseases, Hereditary|hearing impairment|Hearing Loss|Hereditary nephritis|Nephritis, Hereditary
col4a5	GAD_DISEASE:late-onset Alport syndrome
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:Ache, Low Back|Low Back Pain|Scoliosis|Spinal Diseases
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:Intervertebral Disk Displacement|Recurrence
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:disc degeneration
col9a3	GAD_DISEASE:disc degeneration
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:disc degeneration
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:disc degeneration, lumbar spine
col9a3	GAD_DISEASE:disc degeneration, lumbar spine
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:intervertebral disc disease
col9a3	GAD_DISEASE:intervertebral disc disease
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:lumbar disk disease
LOC100708902	GAD_DISEASE:sciatica
col9a3	GAD_DISEASE:sciatica
col6a1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperostosis|Ossification of Posterior Longitudinal Ligament|Spondylitis, Ankylosing|Uveitis
col6a1	GAD_DISEASE:Ullrich congenital muscular dystrophy
col6a1	GAD_DISEASE:skeletal hyperostosis
LOC100704203	GAD_DISEASE:osteochondrodysplasias
cfi	GAD_DISEASE:atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome
cfi	GAD_DISEASE:hemolytic uremic syndrome
cpox	GAD_DISEASE:neurobehavioral response
cdk6	GAD_DISEASE:ER positive
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Carotid Artery, Internal, Dissection|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Stroke|Vertebral Artery Dissection
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Carotid Artery, Internal, Dissection|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Stroke|Vertebral Artery Dissection
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction|Hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:Homocystinuria
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; coronary artery disease, occlusive
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease; coronary artery disease, occlusive
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:cervical artery dissection, spontaneous
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:cervical artery dissection, spontaneous
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cervical artery dissection, spontaneous
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine, folate and vitamin B12 levels
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine, folate and vitamin B12 levels
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:homocystinuria
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:hyperhomocystinemia; cystathionine beta-synthase deficiency
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; breast cancer; colorectal cancer
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; breast cancer; colorectal cancer
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:mild homocystinuria
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; brain infarction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; brain infarction
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:plasma levels of homocysteine
LOC100707752	GAD_DISEASE:reduced CBS activity and elevated post-load homocysteine levels
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, LDL; bile acid synthesis
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; atherosclerosis, coronary; cholesterol, LDL
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:hypercholesterolemia; hyperlipidemia; hypertriglyceridemia; dysbetalipoproteinemia
LOC100709377	GAD_DISEASE:neuromyelitis optica
dazl	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia, male infertility, oligozoospermia
dazl	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia; infertility, male
dazl	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia; oligospermia
dazl	GAD_DISEASE:azoospermia; oligospermia; infertility, male
dlk1	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal|Obesity
dpt	GAD_DISEASE:morbidity-free survival
dmac1	GAD_DISEASE:Braces
dusp23	GAD_DISEASE:Lung Diseases, Interstitial
LOC100689885	GAD_DISEASE:Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis|Dementia|Parkinson Disease
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:Psychoses, Substance-Induced|Substance-Related Disorders
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder schizoaffective disorder
LOC100710042	GAD_DISEASE:manic-type symptoms in psychosis
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Heart Failure|Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:Total IgE. Eosinophilia. DRS
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:arrhythmia, cardiac
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass hypertension
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 ischemic disease of lower limbs myocardial infarct
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:endothelin-1
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension, cirrhotic portal
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; cirrhosis
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney dysfunction
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:kidney dysfunction
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:left ventricular hypertrophy; blood pressure, arterial
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoma, cutaneous T-cell
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:plasma endothelin-1 levels
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia; blood pressure; endothelin-1
edn1	GAD_DISEASE:vasoconstriction
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Kidney Failure, Chronic
LOC100696524	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic nephropathy
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Adenocarcinoma, Bronchiolo-Alveolar|Adenomatosis, Pulmonary|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Neoplasm of lung |Precancerous Conditions
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Adenocarcinoma, Bronchiolo-Alveolar|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Adenocarcinoma, Bronchiolo-Alveolar|Lung Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Lung Neoplasms|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Chromosome Aberrations|Lung Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Chromosome Deletion|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung |Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Pleural Effusion
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Liver Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Glioblastoma|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hypersensitivity
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Diarrhea|Exanthema|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Squamous Cell|Ovarian Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Exanthema|Lung Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Neoplasm of lung 
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung|Lung Neoplasms|Pleural Effusion, Malignant
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Hypopharyngeal Neoplasms|Otorhinolaryngologic Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Lung Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Lymphatic Metastasis|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Lymphatic Metastasis|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Lymphatic Metastasis|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Recurrence
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diarrhea|Drug Eruptions|Exanthema|Neoplasms
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:F-18 fluorodeoxyglucose
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer lung cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:cervical squamous cell carcinoma.
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:gefitinib toxicity
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:liver cancer; nasopharyngeal cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; colorectal cancer; esophageal cancer; stomach cancer
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; gefitinib response
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:lung cancer; smoking behavior
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck receiving cetuximab-docetaxel treatment
egfr	GAD_DISEASE:tumours of the upper aerodigestive tract
p53	GAD_DISEASE:tumours of the upper aerodigestive tract
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Myocardial Ischemia
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Calcinosis|Carotid Artery Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|
ephx2	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary Restenosis|Hypertension
epo	GAD_DISEASE:Acute kidney injury
epo	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Myelodysplastic Syndromes|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Preleukemia
epo	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Retinopathy|
epo	GAD_DISEASE:Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
eif2b5	GAD_DISEASE:Diseases|Hereditary Central Nervous System Demyelinating Diseases|Leukoencephalopathies
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension|Myocardial Ischemia|Pulmonary Embolism|Stroke|Venous Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Cardiovascular Diseases|Hypertension|Myocardial Ischemia|Pulmonary Embolism|Stroke|Venous Thrombosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Brain Ischemia|Coronary Thrombosis|
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Blood Coagulation Disorders, Inherited|Hypertension, Pulmonary|Pulmonary Embolism
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:C-reactive protein fibrinogen
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Legg-Perthes disease
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Stroke|Thrombosis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:albuminuria; fibrinogen
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:albuminuria; fibrinogen
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease; fibrinogen
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:cerebrovascular disease, ischemic; fibrinogen
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, LDL fibrinogen lipoprotein myocardial infarct nitrate triglycerides
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, LDL fibrinogen lipoprotein myocardial infarct nitrate triglycerides
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol cholesterol, LDL lipoprotein
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:chronic periodontitis.
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:circulating fibrinogen levels
pccb	GAD_DISEASE:circulating fibrinogen levels
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:erythrocyte aggregation
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:fibrinogen; Budd-Chiari syndrome
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; stroke, ischemic
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:lupus nephritis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:lupus nephritis
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:nephritis, lupus; glomerular microthrombus
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:nephritis, lupus; glomerular microthrombus
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:nephropathy in other diseases; peripheral vascular disease
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:plasma fibrinogen levels
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:post-trauma fibrinogen increase
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, ischemic; fibrinogen
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:stroke; fibrinogen
fgb	GAD_DISEASE:thromboembolism, venous; myocardial infarction; stroke
LOC109194170	GAD_DISEASE:Phosphatidylcholines
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Achondroplasia
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Achondroplasia|Musculoskeletal Abnormalities|Osteochondrodysplasias|Thanatophoric Dysplasia
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cheilitis|Lip Neoplasms
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Ureteral Neoplasms|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:craniosynostosis
fgfr3	GAD_DISEASE:thanatophoric dysplasia
LOC100708053	GAD_DISEASE:Aphakia|Eye Abnormalities|Microphthalmos
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease|Hashimoto Disease
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|GravesQ Disease|Hashimoto Disease|Hypothyroidism
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:Hay fever|Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
foxp3	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid autoimmunity
fh	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Renal Cell|Kidney Neoplasms|Leiomyoma|Leiomyomatosis|Uterine Neoplasms
fh	GAD_DISEASE:cutaneous and uterine leiomyomata
fh	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary leiomyomatosis
LOC100707418	GAD_DISEASE:Krabbe disease
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy, Absence|Epilepsy, Generalized
LOC100692868	GAD_DISEASE:epilepsy, childhood absence
LOC100705227	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Bilateral|Hearing Loss, Sensorineural
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Myocardial ischemia
LOC100702259	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial Infarction|Myocardial ischemia
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:Type 2 diabetes|serum triacylglycerol |OGTT-related insulinaemia
gckr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma triglyceride and C-reactive protein, fasting glucose
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Alpha Thalassemia|alpha-Thalassemia|Anemia, Sickle Cell|Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Hemolysis|Sickle cell anemia
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Alpha Thalassemia|alpha-Thalassemia|Elliptocytosis, Hereditary|Malaria, Falciparum
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Sickle cell anemia
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Glycogen Storage Disease Type I|Sickle cell anemia
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Sickle Cell|Stroke
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Bilirubin levels
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Encephalitis|Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Jaundice, Neonatal|Neonatal Jaundice
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Favism|Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Favism|Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Hemolysis
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Hemoglobinuria|Syndrome
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Hemolysis|Jaundice, Neonatal|Neonatal Jaundice
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Hyperbilirubinemia
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Malaria
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Malaria, Falciparum
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Malaria, Vivax
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Glycogen Storage Disease Type I|Hemolysis|Malaria, Falciparum
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:Glycogen Storage Disease Type I|Malaria, Falciparum
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:alpha-Thalassemia|Anemia|Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Malaria, Falciparum|Sickle Cell Trait
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:alpha-Thalassemia|Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency|Malaria, Falciparum|Sickle Cell Trait
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:alpha-Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:anemia
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:beta Thalassemia|beta-Thalassemia|Glucosephosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:chronic non-spherocytic haemolytic anaemia.
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:chronic nonspherocytic anemia.
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; diabetes
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:haemoglobinopathies
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:haemolytic anaemia
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:sickle cell anemia; G6PD deficiency
LOC100703946	GAD_DISEASE:undetectable glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase enzyme activity
gclm	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive impairment, vascular stroke, ischemic
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:Sensation Disorders|Vestibular Diseases
gstz1	GAD_DISEASE:solar keratosis
gnmt	GAD_DISEASE:homocyteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:homocyteine
LOC100706889	GAD_DISEASE:McArdle disease
LOC100712454	GAD_DISEASE:Presbycusis| Hearing Loss
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:body mass height insulin
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:elevated response to GHRH by pituitary somatotrophinomas
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:isolated GH deficiency (IGHD)
ghrhr	GAD_DISEASE:mammographic measurments
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:ghrelin receptor
LOC100699280	GAD_DISEASE:short normal stature.
guca1b	GAD_DISEASE:cone degeneration
hsf1	GAD_DISEASE:prostate adenocarcinoma
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight hypoglycemia
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol metabolic syndrome triglycerides
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; kidney failure, chronic
hnf4a	GAD_DISEASE:maturity onset diabetes of the young
LOC100702806	GAD_DISEASE:hirsutism; pubarche
LOC100703423	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP syndrome
LOC100703423	GAD_DISEASE:HELLP syndrome; acute fatty liver of pregnancy
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:HIF-1alpha protein expression
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Arterial Disease|Peripheral Arterial Diseases
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer endometrial cancer ovarian cancer
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; retinopathy, diabetic
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:erythrocytosis, idiopathic
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:hypoxia | systemic sclerosis 
hif1a	GAD_DISEASE:power/sprint performance
LOC100706678	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Disease Models, Animal
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Hemolytic
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia, Hemolytic|Hepatitis C, Chronic
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia|Hepatitis C
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia|Hepatitis C, Chronic
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Diseases|Neutropenia|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:azathioprine tolerance
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:azathioprine tolerance
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:azathioprine toxicity
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:azathioprine toxicity
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:azathiprine adverse events
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:azathiprine adverse events
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:hepatotoxicity leukopenia
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:hepatotoxicity leukopenia
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:inosine triphosphate deficiency
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:inosine triphosphate pyrophosphohydrolase activity
itpa	GAD_DISEASE:tinosine triphosphate pyrophosphohydrolase; deficiency
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Acanthosis Nigricans|Insulin Resistance|Obesity
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperandrogenism|Insulin Resistance|Obesity|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Leanness
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin resistance
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin-resistant diabetes
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:decreased levels of insulin-receptor messenger ribonucleic acid
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:diabetic pregnancy
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:gestational diabetes mellitus
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:glucose intolerance
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; polycystic ovary syndrome
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:leprechaunism
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian disease
LOC100696191	GAD_DISEASE:typical migraine
irf4	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia|Hodgkin Disease|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Multiple Myeloma
dio1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; muscle testing; IGF-I
dio1	GAD_DISEASE:medial temporal lobe atrophy thyroid hormones
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:medial temporal lobe atrophy thyroid hormones
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:Graves Disease|Ventricular Remodeling
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; diabetes, type 2; glucose tolerance; insulin
dio2	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive ability; hypothyroidism
kdr	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Recurrence|Stroke
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Myocardial Infarction|Stroke
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Myocardial Infarction|Recurrence
kif6	GAD_DISEASE:Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms (interaction)
klc1	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Leukoaraiosis
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:Aggressive Periodontitis|Chronic Periodontitis
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Glucose Intolerance|Obesity
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:Keratitis, Herpetic
LOC100691316	GAD_DISEASE:diarrhea
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Hyperlipidemia, Familial Combined
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes mellitus|Hyperinsulinism|Insulin Resistance|Myocardial ischemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Diabetes mellitus|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Transient Ischemic Attack
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Intracranial Embolism and Thrombosis
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary Stenosis|Myocardial Infarction
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Complications|Diabetes mellitus|Hyperlipoproteinemia Type IV
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus. Obesity. and Lipaemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Dyslipidemias
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Lipid Metabolism, Inborn Errors
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Dyslipidemias|Obesity
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:High Triglyceride/ Low HDL Cholesterol Levels
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperlipidemias|Hypertriglyceridemia|Pancreatitis|Steatorrhea
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension(C14.907.489)/genetics|(C23.550.291.687.500)
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertension|Hypertriglyceridemia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:Preeclampsia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Preeclampsia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:adipose tissue lipoprotein lipase activity and lipoprotein lipid and glucose concentrations
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:anthropometric measures
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cerebral infarct, atherosclerotic cholesterol, HDL intima media thickness triglycerides
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; blood pressure, arterial
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; coronary artery disease; cerebral infarction
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; triglycerides; lipoprotein
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:decreased blood pressure and plasma triglycerides
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 dyslipidemia heart disease, ischemic
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:elevated HDL cholesterol levels
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:fasting insulin levels
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:high density lipoprotein levels.
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:increased plasma triglyceride and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:insulin-resistance syndrome
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:interleukin 8 release after cardiac surgery
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; atherosclerosis, generalized
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:lower plasma triglyceride levels and increased promoter activity
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarction; stable angina of effort
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:postheparin plasma lipase activities body fat and plasma lipid and lipoprotein concentrations
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:pre-eclampsia
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:premature coronary artery disease
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative variation in plasma high-density lipoproteins and triacylglycerides
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:stroke, myocardial infarction
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol
lpl	GAD_DISEASE:triglycerides; lipoprotein
LOC100700997	GAD_DISEASE:astrocytic tumors
kmt2d	GAD_DISEASE:Kabuki syndrome 1
LOC100709960	GAD_DISEASE:Cocaine-Related Disorders|Opioid-Related Disorders|Substance-Related Disorders
matn1	GAD_DISEASE:radiographically evident osteoarthritis
LOC100695964	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Nephrosis, Lipoid
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome|Cardiovascular Diseases
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Airway Remodeling|Nasal Polyps|Recurrence|Sinusitis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Brain Ischemia|Carotid Artery Diseases|Cerebrovascular Disorders
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Atrial Fibrillation|Heart Diseases|Hypertension|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Bipolar Disorder | mood disorders
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Bronchiectasis|
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Duodenal Ulcer|Gastritis|Helicobacter Infections
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Membrane Rupture
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Fibrosis|Tuberculosis, Pulmonary
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Angle-Closure
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:Pelvic Organ Prolapse
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:aortic dissection
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:aortic stiffness hypertension
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerotic lesions
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/COPD; emphysema
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease; restenosis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery lesions
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:matrix metalloproteinase-9 activity
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; heart disease, ischemic; atherosclerosis, coronary
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:ocular Chlamydia trachomatis infection
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:osseointegrated implant failure
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:renal graft function
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:renal graft function
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:renal graft function
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:spontaneous cervical artery dissection.
mmp9	GAD_DISEASE:throracic aortic aneurysm throracic aortic dissection
mtor	GAD_DISEASE:Corneal Topography
men1	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adrenal Gland Neoplasms|Hyperparathyroidism|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1|Neuroendocrine Tumors|Pancreatic Neoplasms
men1	GAD_DISEASE:CushingQs disease
men1	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperinsulinism|Hypoglycemia|Insulinoma|Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1|Pancreatic Neoplasms
men1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms|Parathyroid Neoplasms
men1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1
men1	GAD_DISEASE:endocrine pancreatic and neuroendocrine tumors
men1	GAD_DISEASE:lymphoid neoplasms
men1	GAD_DISEASE:multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1
mmachc	GAD_DISEASE:Amino acid disorder, NOS|Amino Acid Metabolism, Inborn Errors|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mmachc	GAD_DISEASE:Homocystinuria|Vitamin B 12 Deficiency
mta1	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer cell proliferation using antisense phosphorothioate oligonucleotides
mbd4	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|Microsatellite Instability
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Diseases|Mental Retardation, X-Linked
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Rett Syndrome|Scoliosis
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Rett Syndrome|Seizures
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Genetic Diseases, X-Linked|Rett Syndrome
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Mental Retardation|Rett Syndrome
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Movement Disorders|Rett Syndrome
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Nervous System Diseases|Rett Syndrome
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Pain|Rett Syndrome
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:Rett Syndrome|Scoliosis
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:autism mental retardation
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:cortical surface area
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; autism
mecp2	GAD_DISEASE:x-linked mental retardation
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:5-fluorouracil sensitivity.
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abdominal aortic aneurysm
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abnormalities, Drug-Induced|Epilepsy|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abortion, Habitual|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|Congenital Abnormalities|Fetal Growth Retardation|Intrauterine growth retardation|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Pregnancy Complications
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Abruptio Placentae|PLACENTA ABRUPTIO|Pre-Eclampsia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Activated Protein C Resistance|beta-Thalassemia|Blood Coagulation Disorders|Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Lung Injury|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Lung Injury|Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Acute T Cell Leukemia|Burkitt Lymphoma|Burkitt; acute lymphoblastic leukemia (type)|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Acute, L1|Leukemia-Lymphoma, Adult T-Cell|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Biliary Tract Neoplasm|Biliary Tract Neoplasms|Chromosome Deletion|Diabetes Complications|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|pancreatic neoplasm|Pancreatic Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma|Stomach Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colonic Neoplasms|Rectal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Pancreatic Neoplasms|Pancreatitis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Rectal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms|Hyperplasia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Adenomatous Polyps|Colorectal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Folic Acid Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Albuminuria|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Retinopathy|Obstetric Labor, Premature|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy in Diabetics
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Withdrawal Seizures|Alcoholism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholic Neuropathy|Alcoholism|Folic Acid Deficiency|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Liver Diseases, Alcoholic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic|Protein-Energy Malnutrition
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Alpha Thalassemia|alpha-Thalassemia|Anemia, Sickle Cell|Bone necrosis|Osteonecrosis|Sickle cell anemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia|Drug Toxicity|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Thrombocytopenia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Anemia|Gastritis, Atrophic|Nervous System Diseases|Vitamin B 12 Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Anencephaly
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Anencephaly|Folic Acid Deficiency|Neural Tube Defects|Pregnancy Complications|Spinal Dysraphism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Aneuploidy|Turner Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Aneurysm, Dissecting|Aortic Aneurysm|Cardiovascular Diseases|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Marfan Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic Aneurysm, Abdominal|Coronary Artery Disease|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Aortic coarctation|Aortic Valve Stenosis|Congenital Heart Defects|Discrete Subaortic Stenosis|Heart Defects, Congenital|Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome|Pulmonary Valve Stenosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Diabetic Angiopathies|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Brain Ischemia|Intracranial Hemorrhages|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|CADASIL|Migraine Disorders|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebral Arterial Diseases|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Recurrence|Stroke|Transient Ischemic Attack
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Ischemic Attack, Transient|Stroke|Transient Ischemic Attack
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Ischemia|Stroke|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Stroke|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Migraine Disorders|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Myocardial Infarction|Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Stroke|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arsenic Poisoning|Skin Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Brain Ischemia|Coronary Disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial Occlusive Diseases|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Retinal Vein Occlusion
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Postoperative Complications
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Psoriatic|Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Spondylitis, Ankylosing
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Atherosclerosis|Disease Susceptibility|Rheumatoid Arthritis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Fractures, Bone|Spinal Fractures
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Bronchial Hyperreactivity|Hay fever|Hypersensitivity, Immediate|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Epilepsy|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Avitaminosis|Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Fatty Liver|Hepatitis, Chronic|Hyperhomocysteinemia|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver Diseases|Liver neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Behcet Syndrome|Panuveitis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|HELLP Syndrome|Pre-Eclampsia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Bladder Neoplasm|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Bladder Neoplasm|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Resorption|Fractures, Bone
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Damage, Chronic|Hypoxia-Ischemia, Brain|Infant, Newborn, Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Injuries|Cerebrovascular Disorders|Migraine Disorders
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Intracranial Arterial Diseases|Sinus Thrombosis, Intracranial|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Budd-Chiari Syndrome|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:BuergerQs disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Burkitt Lymphoma|Hodgkin Disease|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs|Lymphoproliferative Disorders
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Fibrosis|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver Cirrhosis, Alcoholic|Liver neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lymphatic Metastasis|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Chronic renal failure|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease|Postoperative Complications
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Coronary Artery Disease|Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Diabetes Mellitus|Kidney Diseases|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Folic Acid Deficiency|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Hyperuricemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Migraine Disorders|Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|DNA Damage
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery, Internal, Dissection
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract|Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cataract|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Celiac Disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebral Infarction|Glucose Intolerance|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Hyperlipidemias|Hypertension
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Diabetes mellitus|Hypercholesterolemia|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Hypertension|Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebrovascular Disorders|Foramen Ovale, Patent|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Hypertension
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Precancerous Conditions|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical dysplasia|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Uterine Cervical Dysplasia|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Choline Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Choline Deficiency|DNA Damage|Folic Acid Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chondrosarcoma|Osteosarcoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Nephropathy|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Proteinuria
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Focal segmental glomsclerosis|Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Folic Acid Deficiency|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Vitamin B 12 Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Hypertension|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Nephrosclerosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic renal failure|Kidney Failure, Chronic|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Folic Acid Deficiency|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Congenital Heart Defects|Heart Defects, Congenital|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Cleft Lip|Cleft Palate|Mouth Abnormalities
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Constipation
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Disease Progression
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Hyperplastic Polyps.
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|DNA Damage
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Stomach Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Abnormalities|Mental Retardation
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Heart Defects, Congenital
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Congenital Heart Defects|Folic Acid Deficiency|Heart Defects, Congenital
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Coronary Restenosis|Postoperative Complications|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Complications|Diabetes mellitus
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes Complications|Diabetes mellitus|Hypertension|Obesity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Heart Diseases|Recurrence
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Postoperative Complications
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Hypertension|Renal Artery Obstruction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Myocardial ischemia|Recurrence|Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Neural Tube Defects
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Restenosis|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Stenosis|Myocardial Infarction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Embryo Loss|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Recurrence
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Retinopathy|Hyperglycemia|Hypertension
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Nephropathies|Diabetic Neuropathies|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Psoriasis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Diabetic Angiopathies|Intermittent Claudication
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes mellitus type II|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2|Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular|Left Ventricular Hypertrophy
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetic Angiopathies
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Susceptibility|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Susceptibility|Stomach Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Dislocations
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Fetal Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Heart Defects, Congenital
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Down Syndrome|Nondisjunction, Genetic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:DownQs syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Toxicity|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Recurrence
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Hematologic Diseases|Hepatitis, Toxic|Large-Cell Lymphomas|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Mucositis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Liver Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Ductus Arteriosus, Patent|Heart Septal Defects, Atrial
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Epilepsy|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Recurrence|Substance Withdrawal Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Esophageal Neoplasms|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Stomach Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Exfoliation Syndrome|Glaucoma|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Liver Cirrhosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fatty Liver|Obesity, Morbid
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Femur Head Necrosis|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Diseases|HELLP Syndrome|Pre-Eclampsia|Premature Birth|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fetal Diseases|Nondisjunction, Genetic|Sex Chromosome Aberrations|Trisomy
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency|Fractures, Bone|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Riboflavin Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thromboembolism|Venous Insufficiency|Vitamin B 12 Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency|Leukemia, Lymphoid|Lymphoblastic Leukemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Folic Acid Deficiency|Pregnancy Complications|Prenatal Exposure Delayed Effects|Psychomotor Disorders|Vitamin B 12 Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Fractures, Bone|Hip Fractures|Osteoporosis|Spinal Injuries
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:GSTM1 methylation infertility, male
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma, Open-Angle|Hyperhomocysteinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Glaucoma|Glaucoma, Open-Angle
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Hematologic Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Graft vs Host Disease|Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:HIV; folate; vitamin B12
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Sudden
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hemophilia A
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Hemophilia A
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Homocysteine 
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Hypertension
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Hypertension|Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Inflammation|Kidney Failure, Chronic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Intracranial Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Liver Cirrhosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Malnutrition|Stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Meningomyelocele
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Myocardial Infarction
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Myocardial ischemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Optic Neuropathy, Ischemic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Peripheral Vascular Diseases
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Pre-Eclampsia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Pregnancy Complications, Hematologic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Retinal Artery Occlusion
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Retinal Vein Occlusion
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Retinal Vein Occlusion|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Spinal Dysraphism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thromboembolism|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombophilia|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Thrombosis|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperhomocysteinemia|Vascular Diseases|Vitamin B 12 Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperthyroidism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Hypertrophy, Right Ventricular|Pulmonary Fibrosis|Scleroderma, Systemic|Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Impotence, Vasculogenic
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Kidney Neoplasms|Wilms Tumor
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Large Cell Lymphoblastic Lymphoma|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Large-Cell Lymphomas|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Large-Cell Lymphomas|Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal neoplasm|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Acute, L1|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Acute, L2|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Leukemias, Acute Myeloblastic|Multiple Myeloma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Recurrence
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Stomatitis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Pre-B-Cell|Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia|Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia|Neoplasms, Second Primary
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Longer telomeres at low folate nutritional status
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic|Systemic lupus erythematosus|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Follicular
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Multiple Myeloma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoproliferative Disorders|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Diseases|Migraine Disorders|Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Myocardial ischemia|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Nausea|Neutropenia|Stomach Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Neural Tube Defects|Pregnancy Complications
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Neutropenia|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Thrombocytopenia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Osteoporosis|Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal|Spinal Fractures
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Peripheral Vascular Diseases|Postoperative Complications|Thromboembolism
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications|Pulmonary Embolism|Venous Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Postoperative Complications|Pulmonary Embolism|Venous Thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Retinal Artery Occlusion|Retinal Vein Occlusion
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Thromboangiitis Obliterans
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Urologic Neoplasms
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:Vitamin B 12 Deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:abruptio placentae
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:acute leukemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:acute lymphocytic leukemia|Bone Marrow Diseases|Bone necrosis|Edema|Osteonecrosis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:acute lymphocytic leukemia|Hyperhomocysteinemia|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:acute lymphocytic leukemia|Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Leukemias, Acute Myeloblastic|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:acute lymphocytic leukemia|Mucositis|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:arterial and venous thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:clear cell renal cell carcinoma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:cobalamin deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:coke-oven toxicity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:congenital anomalies; cleft lip with or without cleft palate
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:congenital cardiac malformations
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:deep vein thrombophilia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:folate pool
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:hip bone loss and fracture
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:homocysteine; vitamin B12; transcobalamin
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:hyperhomocysteinemia and cardiovascular disease
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; homocysteine
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:idiopathic deep venous thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:invasive cervical cancer.
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:kidney graft function
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:late-onset AlzheimerQs disease.
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia, lymphoid leukemia, myeloid lymphoma, non-HodgkinQs multiple myeloma
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase deficiency
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:migraine risk
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:mild hyperhomocysteinaemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:neural tube defects and preeclampsia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian cancer- methotrexate related toxicity
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma folate
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma homocysteine level
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma homocysteine levels
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:plasma total homocysteine and folate concentrations
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:preeclampsia; eclampsia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:recurrent early fetal loss
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:reduced risk of osteoporotic fractures case control study
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:renal disease, end stage; hyperhomocystinemia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:retinal vein thrombosis
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:risk of cervical dysplasia
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:spina bifida occulta
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:spinal bone mineral density
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:thalassemia, beta
mthfr	GAD_DISEASE:venous thrombophilia
mfn2	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease|Hereditary Motor and Sensory Neuropathies|Hereditary Sensory and Motor Neuropathy
mpdz	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol Withdrawal Seizures|Alcoholism|Disease Models, Animal|
mlh3	GAD_DISEASE:mammalian microsatellite instability
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Adenomatous Polyps
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Adenomatous Polyposis Coli|Colonic Polyps
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Intestinal Polyposis
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:Endometrial Cancer
mutyh	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer|colorectal cancer
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:chronic progressive multiple sclerosis.
LOC100692985	GAD_DISEASE:host defence
mpz	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease|Demyelinating Diseases|Peripheral Nervous System Diseases
mpz	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1B
mpz	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth neuropathy type 1B
mpz	GAD_DISEASE:Charcot-Marie-Tooth type 1B
mpz	GAD_DISEASE:clinically distinct Charcot-Marie-Tooth phenotype
mpz	GAD_DISEASE:demyelination
mpz	GAD_DISEASE:hereditary stomatocytosis.
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:glaucoma; hypertension, ocular
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:ocular hypertension
LOC100692912	GAD_DISEASE:primary open angle glaucoma
mtm1	GAD_DISEASE:mild myotubular myopathy
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin Resistance|Kidney Diseases
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:aldosterone responsiveness to angiotensin
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol, HDL lipoprotein
LOC100705260	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension; diabetes, type 1; albuminuria
nedd9	GAD_DISEASE:ParkinsonQs disease |  AlzheimerQs disease   
LOC100690715	GAD_DISEASE:dominant retinitis pigmentosa
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Conjunctivitis, Allergic|Dermatitis, Atopic
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Conjunctivitis, Allergic|Hypersensitivity|Rhinitis
LOC100710277	GAD_DISEASE:airway hyperresponsiveness, methacholine induced
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Arteriosclerosis|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease
npy	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Overweight|Thinness
npy	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; diabetes, type 1; nephropathy in other diseases
npy	GAD_DISEASE:birth weight and serum triglyceride concentration
npy	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial cortisol glucose heart rate insulin leptin
npy	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol, HDL; triglycerides; coronary heart disease; cholesterol, LDL; cholesterol, total
npy	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol; cholesterol, HDL; lipoprotein, LDL; triglycerides; hypertension
npy	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 ghrelin insulin
npy	GAD_DISEASE:diurnal sympathoadrenal balance and pituitary hormone secretion
npy	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance; insulin; vascular disease
npy	GAD_DISEASE:lipids; blood pressure; atherosclerosis, carotid
npy	GAD_DISEASE:progression of carotid atherosclerosis blood pressure and serum lipids
npy	GAD_DISEASE:schizophrenia; panic disorder; unipolar disorder
LOC100698688	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, B-Cell, Marginal Zone
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:bone mass IGF-I levels sex steroid hormones
LOC100705914	GAD_DISEASE:quantitative calcaneal ultrasounds
ncoa6	GAD_DISEASE:Birth Weight|Diabetes Mellitus
LOC100695832	GAD_DISEASE:opiate addiction
odc1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Carotid Artery Diseases|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Coronary Restenosis
oaz1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Carotid Artery Diseases|Coronary Disease|Coronary heart disease|Coronary Restenosis
LOC100707476	GAD_DISEASE:bipolar disorder depression
pax9	GAD_DISEASE:Anodontia|Developmental absence of tooth
pax9	GAD_DISEASE:non-syndromic oligodontia
LOC100710057	GAD_DISEASE:Parkinson disease
LOC100710057	GAD_DISEASE:neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:bone density; height; PTH; pyridinoline, urinary
pth1r	GAD_DISEASE:malignancy
LOC100689707	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Sleep Disorders
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary body mass cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, VLDL
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:body mass cholesterol, LDL glucose insulin
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:cardiorespiratory fitness cholesterol, HDL
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 insulin lipids metabolic syndrome obesity
ppard	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2; hypertension; metabolic syndrome
pde5a	GAD_DISEASE:Glomerulonephritis, IGA|IGA Glomerulonephritides|Nephrotic Syndrome|Proteinuria
LOC100702997	GAD_DISEASE:Tarui disease
pdgfra	GAD_DISEASE:Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors|Liver Neoplasms
LOC100694690	GAD_DISEASE:Hearing Loss, Unilateral
LOC100699058	GAD_DISEASE:longer forms of a repetitive sequence
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:Alcohol-Related Disorders|Cocaine-Related Disorders|
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatitis, Atopic|Pruritus|Recurrence
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:alcohol abuse cocaine abuse
LOC100698517	GAD_DISEASE:cocaine dependence or abuse
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:Normal variation in leptin levels
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:body mass; leptin
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; lipids; obesity; glucose; leptin; cortisol
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; diabetes, NOS
LOC100708840	GAD_DISEASE:serum leptin levels
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary cholesterol, LDL
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, coronary; cholesterol, LDL
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol heart disease, ischemic
pcsk9	GAD_DISEASE:low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels
LOC100691382	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Eczema|Food Hypersensitivity|Hypersensitivity, Immediate|Respiratory Sounds|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
LOC100691382	GAD_DISEASE:asthma atopy IgE
LOC100703512	GAD_DISEASE:Acute Coronary Syndrome|Coronary Artery Disease|
ptgfr	GAD_DISEASE:latanoprost efficacy
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Alveolitis, Extrinsic Allergic|Extrinsic allergic alveolitis
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Alveolitis, Extrinsic Allergic|Extrinsic allergic alveolitis
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimers disease; juvenile arthritis
LOC100696839	GAD_DISEASE:Alzheimers disease; juvenile arthritis
psmb8	GAD_DISEASE:JRA
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Hereditary protein C deficiency
proc	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Organ Failure|Sepsis
proc	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial sepsis
proc	GAD_DISEASE:circulating protein C levels and thrombotic risk
proc	GAD_DISEASE:plasma protein C levels and thrombotic risk
prkch	GAD_DISEASE:Atherosclerosis|Brain Infarction|Hypertension
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:Atrophy|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:anthropometric parameters diabetes, type 2 insulin
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:atherosclerosis, diabetic
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance; insulin; body fat
LOC100694996	GAD_DISEASE:insulin; body fat; metabolic syndrome
ptprd	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma|Neoplasms
renbp	GAD_DISEASE:renin binding protein
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:aldosterone responsiveness to the renin-angiotensin system
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial renin activity
LOC100691504	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; stroke
rho	GAD_DISEASE:Autosomal-dominant retinitis pigmentosa
rho	GAD_DISEASE:Retinitis punctata albescens
sgce	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome Deletion|Dystonia|Myoclonus
sgce	GAD_DISEASE:Tourette syndrome; obsessive compulsive disorder
selenos	GAD_DISEASE:Arthritis, Rheumatoid|Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Crohn Disease|CrohnQs disease|Diabetes Mellitus, Insulin-Dependent|Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1|Rheumatoid Arthritis
selenos	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Metabolic Diseases|Obesity
selenos	GAD_DISEASE:Inflammation|Pre-Eclampsia
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Large Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Lung Neoplasms
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperandrogenism|Hyperinsulinism|Insulin Resistance
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Peutz-JegherQs syndrome
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Peutz-Jeghers syndrome
stk11	GAD_DISEASE:Peutz-Jeghers syndrome 
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Amyloidosis|Atherosclerosis|Familial Mediterranean Fever|
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Apoplexy|Diabetes mellitus|Dyslipidemias|Hypertension|Obesity|Stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Arterial and venous thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Emphysema
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma|Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial|Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Ischemia|Cerebral Arterial Diseases|Intracranial Embolism|Stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Burns|Infection|Wounds and Injuries
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Neoplasms, Testis|Testicular Neoplasms
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Community-Acquired Infections|Pneumonia
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease. Plasma Lipoproteins. and Longevity
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Postoperative Complications
slc30a8	GAD_DISEASE:Diabetes Mellitus|Postoperative Complications
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Disseminated intravascular coagulation|Meningococcal Infections
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Graft Occlusion, Vascular|Thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:IVF implantation failure
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female|Recurrence
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility, Female|Recurrence
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Infertility|Uterine Diseases
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Metabolic Syndrome X|Myocardial Infarction
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Multiple Organ Failure|Pneumonia|Septic Shock|Shock, Septic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Postprandial variations in fibrinolytic activity
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Severe trauma. mortality
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:Venous Insufficiency
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:albuminuria retinopathy, diabetic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:alpha 1-Antitrypsin Deficiency|Liver Diseases|Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma, dust mite-sensitive
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; allergic disease, IgE mediated
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:avascular osteonecrosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:body mass diabetes, type 2 glucose insulin resistance
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular disease; stroke; stroke, ischemic
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:cardiovascular risk factors PAI-1 levels TNF levels
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:cholesterol triglycerides
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:circadian variability in plasma PAI-1
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:coagulopathy
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease and myocardial infarction.
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:coronary artery disease; sudden cardiac death
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:decreased risk of cerebrovascular mortality
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:dengue disease
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:diabetes, type 2 plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 levels
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:encephalopathy stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:ferritin iron levels liver disease transferrin saturation
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:fibromatosis, aggressive
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:glucose tolerance; lipids; fibrinogen; hematology indices
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:hypertension; cerebral infarction
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:impaired fibrinolysis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin precocious puberty
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:insulin resistance; plasminogen activator inhibitor-1
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:lipid profiles and ischemic stroke.
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:lipoprotein, LDL
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:lumen loss, late
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:meningococcal septic shock
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:multiorgan failure septic shock mortality
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 levels stroke
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:myocardial infarct; cerebrovascular infart
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:obesity; diabetes
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:occlusive artery disease and deep vein thrombosis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:osteonecrosis; thrombophilia; hypofibrinolysis
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:peritoneal permeability
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:plasmatic PAI-1 activity
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:plasminogen activator
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 concentrations
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; tissue-type plasminogen activator
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:plasminogen activator; fibrinolytic activities
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:plasminogen activator; plasminogen activator inhibitor-type 1
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:plasminogen activators inhibitor type 1 concentration
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:platelet inhibition
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:pregnancy loss, recurrent; coagulation disorder
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:restenosis; PAI-1 levels
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:thrombosis; antiphospholipid syndrome
serpine1	GAD_DISEASE:vascular disease; subarachnoid hemorrhage
LOC100693580	GAD_DISEASE:Swyer syndrome
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:Hyperandrogenism|POLYCYSTIC OVARIAN SYNDROME|Polycystic Ovary Syndrome|Puberty, Precocious
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:bone density dihydrotestosterone estradiol sex hormone binding globulin testosterone
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:polycystic ovarian syndrome; hyperinsulinemia
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:sex homone-binding globulin
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:sex steroid hormone blood levels
shbg	GAD_DISEASE:sex steroid hormone-binding globulin
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Allergic diseases
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Allergic diseases (bronchial asthma. atopic dermatitis and/or food-related anaphylaxis)
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. BHR. eosinophilia. total IgE
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. DRS
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:Asthma. DRS. BHR. eosinophilia. total IgE
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:DRS
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:GravesQ disease IgE
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:allergic diseases
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:ascaris infection
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:asthma; dermatitis and eczema; anaphylaxis, food-related
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:atopy; IgE levels
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:eczema food allergy IgE
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:nut allergy
LOC100704348	GAD_DISEASE:total serum IgE levels
LOC100692845	GAD_DISEASE:agenesis of the corpus callosum
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:heart anomalies, congenital; cleft lip with cleft palate; cleft lip without cleft palate
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia; methotrexate levels
slc19a1	GAD_DISEASE:red cell folate concentrations
slc25a13	GAD_DISEASE:Cholestasis, Intrahepatic|Intrahepatic Cholestasis
slc25a13	GAD_DISEASE:citrin deficiency
slc25a13	GAD_DISEASE:citrullinemia, adult-onset type II
slc25a13	GAD_DISEASE:citrullinemia, adult-onset type II; hepatitis, neonatal associated with cholestasis
LOC100702141	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure hypertension
sorcs2	GAD_DISEASE:Insulin-Like Growth Factor Binding Protein 4
spred1	GAD_DISEASE:Cafe-au-Lait Spots|Neurofibromatosis 1|Syndrome
sts	GAD_DISEASE:Ichthyosis, X-Linked
soat1	GAD_DISEASE:cognitive decline delirium
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Marrow Diseases|Dyskeratosis Congenita
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Marrow Diseases|Syndrome
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Glioblastoma|Meningeal Neoplasms|Meningioma
tert	GAD_DISEASE:Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
tert	GAD_DISEASE:aplastic anaemia
LOC100705113	GAD_DISEASE:Ehlers-Danlos syndrome
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:6-Thioguanine pharmacokinetics inflammatory bowel disease
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Skin Diseases, Vesiculobullous
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Bone Marrow Diseases
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:DNA Damage|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Precursor T-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma|Recurrence
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Drug Toxicity|Inflammatory bowel disease, NOS|Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Drug-Induced Liver Injury|Hematologic Diseases
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Diseases
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Hematologic Neoplasms|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Leukopenia|Neutropenia|Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:Rheumatic Diseases
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:azathioprine adverse effects
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:azathioprine toxicity hepatitis, autoimmune
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer; thiopurine methyltransferase activity
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:cancer; HIV infection; gastrointestinal bleeding; thiopurine methyltransferase activity
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:cirrhosis, biliary primary hepatitis, autoimmune
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:kidney transplant; azathioprine toxicity
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:leukemia neutropenia
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:leuopenia, thiopurine-related
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:thiopurine
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:thiopurine S-methyltransferase activity
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:thiopurine S-methyltransferase phenotype
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:thiopurine S-methytransferase activity
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:thiopurine methyltransferase activity
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:thiopurine methyltransferase phenotype
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:thiopurine pharmacokinetics
LOC100707454	GAD_DISEASE:thiopurine toxicity
txnip	GAD_DISEASE:blood pressure, arterial hypertriglyceridemia
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:Thyroid Hormone Resistance Syndrome
thrb	GAD_DISEASE:resistance to thyroid hormone
tpo	GAD_DISEASE:Hypothyroidism|Thyroid Dysgenesis
tpo	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C; hypothyroidism
tcf19	GAD_DISEASE:Psoriasis Vulgaris
tfcp2	GAD_DISEASE:AlzheimerQs disease depressive disorder, major
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Iron Overload|Porphyria Cutanea Tarda
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Juvenile Hemochromatosis
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:Type 3 hemochromatosis
tfr2	GAD_DISEASE:iron load
tgfbr3	GAD_DISEASE:premature ovarian failure primary amenorrhea
LOC100690141	GAD_DISEASE:Disease Models, Animal|Ichthyosiform Erythroderma, Congenital
LOC100690141	GAD_DISEASE:Ichthyosiform Erythroderma, Congenital
LOC100690141	GAD_DISEASE:lamellar ichthyosis
tpp1	GAD_DISEASE:reduced cerebrospinal fluid pterins
LOC100694953	GAD_DISEASE:cardiac hypertrophy
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Clear Cell|Adenocarcinoma, Mucinous|Carcinoma, Endometrioid|Cystadenocarcinoma, Serous|ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma, Follicular|Adenoma|Carcinoma, Papillary|Thyroid Diseases|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Aneuploidy|Barrett Esophagus|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Cervical Neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Chronic ulcerative colitis|Colitis, Ulcerative|Colorectal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Colorectal Neoplasms|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Epstein-Barr Virus Infections|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Gastritis|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenocarcinoma|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adenoma, Liver Cell|Hepatocellular Adenoma|Liver neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms|Breast Neoplasms|Li-Fraumeni Syndrome
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms|Tumors of Adrenal Cortex
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Alcoholism|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Ameloblastoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Anus Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Arsenic Poisoning|Bladder Neoplasm|Carcinoma, Transitional Cell|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms|Glioma|oligodendroglioma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Astrocytoma|Brain Neoplasms|Neoplasm Invasiveness
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Autoimmune Diseases|Lymphoproliferative Disorders
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Balkan Nephropathy
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Bladder Neoplasm|Breast Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Infarction|Carotid Artery Diseases|Intracranial Thrombosis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Cerebellar Neoplasms|Ganglioglioma|Glioma|medulloblastoma|Neuroectodermal Tumor, Primitive|Neuroectodermal Tumors, Primitive
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Brain Neoplasms|Meningioma|Neurilemmoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Carcinoma|
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Cervical Neoplasm|Esophageal Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Colorectal Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Genetic Diseases, Inborn|Lymphatic Metastasis|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasm Invasiveness
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Breast Neoplasms|Lung Neoplasms|Mammary Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Basal Cell|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|DNA Damage|Skin Basal Cell Carcinoma|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Cocarcinogenesis|Hepatitis B, Chronic|Liver Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis B, Chronic|Hepatitis C, Chronic|Liver carcinoma|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Hepatocellular|Hepatitis C|LCC - Liver cell carcinoma|Liver Cirrhosis|Liver neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Papillary|Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced|thyroid neoplasm|Thyroid Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Genomic Instability|Leukoplakia, Oral|Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Laryngeal neoplasm|Laryngeal Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma|Tumor Virus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical Neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Cervical dysplasia|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma|Tumor Virus Infections|Uterine Cervical Dysplasia|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Condylomata Acuminata|Epidermodysplasia Verruciformis|Squamous cell carcinoma|Tumor Virus Infections|Warts, Genital
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Conjunctival Neoplasms|HIV Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma|[X]Human immunodeficiency virus disease
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Lymphatic Metastasis|Oesophageal neoplasm|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Mouth Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections|Pharyngeal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasm Metastasis|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local|Neoplasms, Second Primary|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Hypopharyngeal Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Leukoplakia, Oral|Lichen Planus, Oral|Mouth Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Leukoplakia, Oral|Mouth Neoplasms|Oral Submucous Fibrosis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Leukoplakia|Mouth Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Neoplasm Recurrence, Local
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma|Substance-Related Disorders|Tumor Virus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Mouth Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections|Squamous cell carcinoma|Tongue Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Oropharyngeal Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma|Tumor of Oropharynx
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Papillomavirus Infections|Penile Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Papillomavirus Infections|Skin Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma|Tumor Virus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Penile Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms|Squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cardiovascular Diseases|Genetic Predisposition to Disease
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Tumor Virus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Epidermodysplasia Verruciformis|Papillomavirus Infections|Skin Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cell Transformation, Neoplastic|Lymphatic Metastasis|Neoplasm Invasiveness|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cerebellar Neoplasms|medulloblastoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Papillomavirus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Mouth Neoplasms|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Precancerous Conditions|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cervical Neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Tumor Virus Infections|Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cholecystitis|gallbladder neoplasm|Gallbladder Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Choriocarcinoma|Hydatidiform Mole
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Chromosome abnormality|Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Intestinal Neoplasms|Lymphoma|Lymphoma, B-Cell, Marginal Zone
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Keratosis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Aberrations|Li-Fraumeni Syndrome
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Chromosome Deletion|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Cocarcinogenesis|Esophageal Neoplasms|Oesophageal neoplasm|Papillomavirus Infections|Tumor Virus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Colonic Neoplasms|Tumor Virus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Colorectal Neoplasms|Liver neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Coronary Artery Disease|Diabetes mellitus
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Craniocerebral Trauma|Hypotension|Injuries, Craniocerebral|Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Dermatomycoses|Postoperative Complications|Precancerous Conditions|Skin Diseases, Bacterial|Skin Diseases, Viral|Skin Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Epstein-Barr Virus Infections|Helicobacter Infections|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Epstein-Barr virus
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Genital Neoplasms, Female
p53	GAD_DISEASE:HPV infection and cervical disease
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Hashimoto Disease|Thyroiditis, Autoimmune
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Squamous Cell
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Head and neck squamous cell cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C virus infection associated with human hepatocellular carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis C, Chronic|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Herpes Simplex|Herpes Simplex Infections|Postoperative Complications|Roseolovirus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:KaposiQs sarcoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Keratosis|Skin Diseases
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Laryngeal neoplasm|Laryngeal Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic|Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell|Lung Neoplasms|Neoplasm of lung 
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Li-Fraumeni Syndrome|Neoplasm Invasiveness
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Li-Fraumeni Syndrome|Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Li-Fraumeni and related syndrome
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Li-Fraumeni syndrome
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lung cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Large-Cell, Diffuse
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Large-Cell, Diffuse|Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin|Lymphoma, Non-HodgkinQs
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Meningeal Neoplasms|Meningioma|Neurofibromatosis 2
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Metaplasia|Precancerous Conditions
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Microsatellite Instability|Stomach Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Basal Cell|Skin Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms, Prostatic|Prostatic Hyperplasia|Prostatic Intraepithelial Neoplasia|Prostatic Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Neoplasms|Precancerous Conditions
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Nerve Sheath Neoplasms|neurofibroma|[M]Nerve sheath tumor NOS
p53	GAD_DISEASE:PML
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Papillomavirus Infections|Skin Neoplasms|Sunburn|Tumor Virus Infections
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Sarcoma, Kaposi
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Schizophrenia|lung cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Skin Neoplasms|Sunburn
p53	GAD_DISEASE:T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Tongue Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:Xeroderma pigmentosum
p53	GAD_DISEASE:activation of the c-K-ras-2 protooncogene
p53	GAD_DISEASE:adult squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:aflatoxin exposure
p53	GAD_DISEASE:aggressive behavior of chondrosarcoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:albuminuria among aboriginal Australians
p53	GAD_DISEASE:alpha-particle carcinogenesis
p53	GAD_DISEASE:areca quid chewing-associated oral squamous cell carcinomas
p53	GAD_DISEASE:betel-quid chewing
p53	GAD_DISEASE:brain tumors
p53	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer by the age of 50 years
p53	GAD_DISEASE:breast cancer survival
p53	GAD_DISEASE:cancer predisposition and susceptibility
p53	GAD_DISEASE:carcinomas of the thyroid gland
p53	GAD_DISEASE:cervical cancer ovarian cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:cervical carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:childhood B-cell non-HodgkinQs lymphoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:clinicopathological features
p53	GAD_DISEASE:clinicopathological parameters
p53	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; esophageal cancer; stomach cancer
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancer; esophageal cancer; stomach cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:colorectal cancers
p53	GAD_DISEASE:conversion from colorectal adenoma to early carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:decreased chemosensitivity
p53	GAD_DISEASE:dystonia, primary torsion
p53	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck cancer mutagen sensitivity
p53	GAD_DISEASE:head and neck squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:hepatitis C virus infection
p53	GAD_DISEASE:hepatocellular carcinomas
p53	GAD_DISEASE:human-papillomavirus-negative tumours
p53	GAD_DISEASE:increased aggressiveness
p53	GAD_DISEASE:increased lung cancer risk
p53	GAD_DISEASE:keloid
p53	GAD_DISEASE:lymphomas of mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue.
p53	GAD_DISEASE:malignant cystosarcoma phyllodes and soft tissue sarcoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:malignant myeloid disorders
p53	GAD_DISEASE:medical history histopathology and environmental exposures
p53	GAD_DISEASE:metastases
p53	GAD_DISEASE:metastatic progression and poor survival
p53	GAD_DISEASE:mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:myelodysplastic syndrome
p53	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
p53	GAD_DISEASE:nasopharyngeal carcinomas
p53	GAD_DISEASE:non-asbestos-associated mesotheliomas.
p53	GAD_DISEASE:non-small-cell lung cancer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:oesophageal adenocarcinoma.
p53	GAD_DISEASE:oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:oral squamous carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:ovarian neoplasm|Ovarian Neoplasms
p53	GAD_DISEASE:progression of a prostate carcinoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:radiation, ionizing, sensitivity to
p53	GAD_DISEASE:rhabdomyosarcoma
p53	GAD_DISEASE:ring sideroblasts
p53	GAD_DISEASE:risk factors and tumor characteristics
p53	GAD_DISEASE:sensitivity to TZT-1027
p53	GAD_DISEASE:skin carcinomas
p53	GAD_DISEASE:soft tissue sarcomas
p53	GAD_DISEASE:squamous cell carcinoma of the esophagus
p53	GAD_DISEASE:squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue
p53	GAD_DISEASE:stomach cancer; gastric ulcer; duodenal ulcer
p53	GAD_DISEASE:thyroid tumor progression
p53	GAD_DISEASE:tumor proliferation and other prognostic indicators
p53	GAD_DISEASE:tumour progression
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:blastic crisis
tp63	GAD_DISEASE:proliferative potential of keratinocytes
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Head and Neck Neoplasms|Neoplasms, Second Primary
tp73	GAD_DISEASE:Carcinoma, Squamous Cell|Oropharyngeal Neoplasms|Papillomavirus Infections
LOC100698085	GAD_DISEASE:Angelman syndrome
urod	GAD_DISEASE:Porphyria Cutanea Tarda
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Blood pressure, oxidative stress levels in blood
xdh	GAD_DISEASE:Carotid Artery Diseases|Hypertension|Kidney Diseases
zbtb12	GAD_DISEASE:Hepatitis B Vaccines
